{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18440\viewh9820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  "--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nContent last modified 03\\/31\\/2011.\\n \\nPrefatory Note\\nThe attached document represents the most complete and accurate version available \\nbased on original files from the FOMC Secretariat at the Board of Governors of the \\nFederal Reserve System.  \\nPlease note that some material may have been redacted from this document if that \\nmaterial was received on a confidential basis.  Redacted material is indicated by \\noccasional gaps in the text or by gray boxes around non-text content.  All redacted \\npassages are exempt from disclosure under applicable provisions of the Freedom of \\nInformation Act.\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\n&ODVV,,)20& - Restricted (FR)\\n3DUW 1                                                                                   April 28, 2005\\n&855(17(&2120,&\\n$1'),1$1&,$\\/&21',7,216\\n6XPPDU\\\\DQG2XWORRN\\n3UHSDUHGIRUWKH)HGHUDO2SHQ0DUNHW&RPPLWWHH\\nE\\\\WKHVWDIIRIWKH%RDUGRI*RYHUQRUVRIWKH)HGHUDO5HVHUYH6\\\\VWHP\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\n&ODVV,,)20& - Restricted (FR)\\n                                                                                              April 28, 2005\\n\\n6XPPDU\\\\DQG2XWORRN\\n3UHSDUHGIRUWKH)HGHUDO2SHQ0DUNHW&RPPLWWHH\\nE\\\\WKHVWDIIRIWKH%RDUGRI*RYHUQRUVRIWKH)HGHUDO5HVHUYH6\\\\VWHP\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nDomestic Developments \\nThe economic reports that we have received over the past six weeks have been decidedly \\nsofter than we had expected.  After increasing moderately, on net, in January and \\nFebruary, most indicators of economic activity slowed substantially in March:  Payroll \\ngains were modest, manufacturing output edged down, orders and shipments of capital \\ngoods posted a second month of decline, and both homebuilding and real retail sales of \\ngoods other than motor vehicles contracted. \\n   \\nThe weakness in March might prove to be temporary\'97the result of the inherent noisiness \\nof economic data.  Yet the widespread nature of the slowing suggests that the recent \\nsoftness in the data should not be readily dismissed.  Higher energy prices and the \\ntightening of monetary policy may be taking a greater toll on domestic demand than we \\nhad anticipated.  Lacking much information on economic activity early in the second \\nquarter that could help identify whether the slowdown will prove to be temporary or \\npersistent, we have taken on board the data for March and tempered our projection for the \\npace of economic activity in the near term.  However, we still believe that the economy \\nhas considerable momentum behind it, and after the slowdown in the first quarter to an \\nannual growth rate of 3 percent, we are projecting real GDP to rise at an average annual \\nrate of 3\'be percent for the remainder of this year. \\n \\nFinancial markets have reacted to the recent string of downbeat readings on the economy \\nby reducing the amount of monetary tightening that is expected over the next few years.  \\nWe, too, have trimmed a bit from our projected path for the federal funds rate.  Equity \\nprices also are lower in this forecast, and we have incorporated a higher foreign exchange \\nvalue of the dollar and a higher level of oil prices beyond the near term.  Given these \\ninfluences, we expect real GDP growth to slow to 3\'bd percent in 2006.  Although real \\noutput is projected to rise, on average, a bit above the pace of its potential, the \\nunemployment rate is projected to hold at 5\'bc percent as the persistent improvement in \\njob prospects lures more workers back into the labor force.   \\n \\nThe incoming news on inflation has been mildly disappointing.  Although the latest data \\non core PCE prices have come in just a touch above our earlier expectations, sizable \\nunforeseen increases in energy and import costs have led us to mark up slightly our \\nprojection of inflation going forward.  Nonetheless, we continue to expect core consumer \\nprice inflation to moderate next year as energy prices decline and import prices nearly \\nflatten out.  Core PCE prices are projected to increase 1.9 percent this year and 1.7 \\npercent in 2006. \\n \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-2 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\nKey Background Factors \\nAs noted above, our forecast incorporates a federal funds rate path that is lower than in \\nthe March Greenbook:  We have shaved \'bc percentage point from our funds rate \\nassumption starting in the fourth quarter of this year.  According to futures quotes, \\nfinancial market participants have scaled back their expected policy tightening by a \\nsimilar amount, which leaves the staff's assumed path for the funds rate only slightly \\nbelow the market's.  Reflecting the revision to the market\'92s outlook, long-term Treasury \\nyields have fallen about 30 basis points since the March Greenbook.  However, with the \\nback-up in corporate bond spreads, yields on BAA corporate bonds have declined only \\nabout 10 basis points.  We have revised down the initial levels of both corporate and \\nTreasury rates accordingly, and, as in previous Greenbooks, we assume that long-term \\nrates will remain close to their current levels over the forecast period. \\n \\nConcerns about the strength of economic activity have also weighed on broad equity \\nprice indexes, which currently stand about 4 percent below the level we had assumed in \\nthe last Greenbook.  We have shifted down our starting level for stock prices by this \\namount, but we continue to assume that prices will increase at a 6\'bd percent pace going \\nforward, a rate roughly consistent with risk-adjusted parity with the yield on long-term \\nTreasury securities.  As in the last Greenbook, we expect house price increases to slow; \\nafter a gain of 11\'bc percent in 2004, the OFHEO repeat-transactions index is projected to \\nrise 5\'bc percent this year and 3\'bd percent in 2006. \\n \\nOur fiscal assumptions are also unchanged from the March Greenbook.  After having \\ngenerated a sizable stimulus to real GDP growth in recent years, fiscal policy is expected \\nto provide a more modest impetus to growth this year as the lagged effects from previous \\ntax cuts wane.  Next year, the influence of the tax cuts is expected to fade further, and \\nincreases in real defense spending are likely to be smaller than in recent years.  However, \\nwe expect that the introduction of the Medicare drug benefit will largely offset these \\nfactors and that the overall fiscal boost to growth will be about the same as this year\'92s.  \\nWe project the unified federal budget deficit to be $370 billion in fiscal years 2005 and \\n2006, roughly the same as in the March Greenbook.  Final tax payments and refunds have \\nbeen coming in quite close to our expectations and thus have had little influence on the \\nfiscal outlook. \\n \\nThe foreign exchange value of the dollar has risen since the March Greenbook, and we \\nhave raised our assumption for the level of the real trade-weighted dollar in the current \\nquarter nearly 2 percent.  We continue to assume that the value of the dollar will edge \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nDomestic Developments I-3 \\ndown over the forecast period at an annual rate of about 1\'bd percent.  Our outlook for \\nforeign economic activity is little changed since March.  We are looking for foreign GDP \\ngrowth of about 3\'bc percent in 2005 and 2006. \\n \\nThe spot price of West Texas intermediate (WTI) crude oil moved above $57 per barrel \\nearlier this month but has since fallen back to below $52 per barrel, somewhat lower than \\nits level at the time of the March Greenbook.  The decline in spot prices primarily reflects \\nhigher crude oil inventories that have resulted from solid OPEC production.  In contrast, \\nprices of futures contracts for delivery late this year and next year have moved up since \\nmid-March, and our longer-term oil price forecast has risen with them.  We now project \\nthe spot price of WTI to increase somewhat during the summer driving season and then \\nto edge back down to near current levels by the end of 2006.  Thus, the downward-\\nsloping path for crude oil prices that has been a feature of our projection for many months \\nhas been replaced by a much flatter trajectory.  \\n  \\nRecent Developments and the Near-Term Outlook \\nThe BEA estimates that real GDP increased at a 3 percent annual rate in the first \\nquarter\'97down from the 4 percent pace of the second half of last year.  As noted above, \\nmost signals of activity flagged in March, and we have carried some of the weakness into \\nthe second quarter.  We are now projecting that real GDP will rise at an annual rate of \\n3\'bd percent in the second quarter, down \'bd percentage point from the March Greenbook.   \\n \\nAfter a sizable gain in February, private nonfarm payroll employment rose just 101,000 \\nin March.  Still, for the first quarter as a whole, private payrolls increased at an average \\nmonthly rate of 142,000\'97about the same pace as in the second half of last year\'97and the \\nunemployment rate moved lower.  In mid-April, a decline in the four-week moving \\naverage of initial claims for unemployment insurance reversed about half of March\'92s \\nsteep run-up, and we project modest further improvement in private payrolls, with job \\ngains of 175,000 per month in the current quarter. \\n \\nManufacturing-sector IP edged down 0.1 percent in March as the production of motor \\nvehicles plunged and output gains in other industries were lackluster.  We are anticipating \\nonly a modest rebound in April:  Motor vehicle assemblies appear to have fallen again \\nthis month, regional surveys of purchasing managers in the manufacturing sector have \\nbeen mixed, and the recent data on durable goods orders were not encouraging.  For the \\nsecond quarter as a whole, we are forecasting manufacturing IP to increase at an annual \\nrate of 2\'bd percent, down from 3\'bd percent in the first quarter.  \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-4 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\nSummary of the Near-Term Outlook \\n(Percent change at annual rate except as noted) \\n2005:Q1 2005:Q2 \\nMeasure Mar. \\nGB \\nApr. \\nGB \\nMar.  \\nGB \\nApr. \\nGB \\nReal GDP 4.3 3.1 4.1 3.6 \\n Private domestic final purchases 4.2 3.8 4.8 3.7 \\n  Personal consumption expenditures 3.9 3.5 3.9 3.2 \\n  Residential investment 6.3 5.7 5.8 3.6 \\n  Business fixed investment  4.8 4.7 10.4 7.2 \\n Government outlays for consumption \\n   and investment 3.3 .6 2.6 4.0 \\n Contribution to growth \\n(percentage points) \\n Inventory investment .7 1.0 -1.1 -.9 \\n Net exports -.6 -1.3 .6 .6 \\n \\n \\nAccording to the advance estimate from the BEA, real consumer outlays rose at an \\nannual rate of about 3\'bd percent in the first quarter, a considerably slower pace than in the \\npreceding two quarters.  Motor vehicle purchases dropped sharply last quarter, and \\nincreases in sales in the retail control category slowed from their heady pace around the \\nturn of the year.  Despite the first-quarter slowing, we continue to believe that the \\nfundamentals are consistent with solid, though not spectacular, increases in consumer \\noutlays.  Although consumer confidence has slipped recently, real disposable income has \\nincreased 3 percent over the past four quarters.  What little evidence we have for second-\\nquarter spending is consistent with this projection:  Carmakers report that they are on \\npace to record a robust sales figure in April. \\n \\nAlthough residential investment spending rose at an annual rate of 5\'be percent in the first \\nquarter, single-family housing starts dropped off sharply in March to an annual rate of \\n1.54 million units.  However, both permit issuance and new home sales in March point to \\na rebound in starts in April.  For the second quarter, we have penciled in starts at a rate of \\n1.64 million units.  Although this figure is below the first-quarter pace, it still exceeds the \\nrobust 1.61 million units started last year.  Real spending on residential investment is \\nexpected to increase about 3\'bd percent at an annual rate in the current quarter. \\n \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nDomestic Developments I-5 \\nIn the business sector, real expenditures on equipment and software increased at an \\nannual rate of 7 percent in the first quarter, less than half the pace of 2004.  The step-\\ndown in the growth rate of spending mainly reflected a decline in business purchases of \\ntransportation equipment.  Excluding this volatile category, the increase in outlays was \\nroughly unchanged from last year\'92s robust pace.  In the current quarter, we look for only \\na modest rebound.  Although motor vehicle sales are expected to bounce back, orders of \\nnondefense capital goods slid in both February and March.  All told, we expect real E&S \\nspending to increase about 8\'bd percent at an annual rate in the second quarter. \\n \\nReal spending on nonresidential structures fell in the first quarter, reversing the \\nfourth-quarter gain.  Real outlays in the drilling and mining category, which surged last \\nyear along with the prices of oil and natural gas, declined in the first quarter; we expect \\nsizable increases in drilling and mining expenditures to resume in the current quarter in \\nresponse to the elevated level of energy prices.  For other types of nonresidential \\nstructures, spending has continued to decline.  All in all, we project real outlays to \\nincrease at an annual rate of 3\'bc percent in the second quarter.   \\n \\nWe are forecasting federal spending to rise at an annual rate of 8 percent in the second \\nquarter after having recorded a negligible increase in the first quarter.  The acceleration in \\nthe current quarter should bring the first-half average growth rate up above the pace in \\nthe second half of last year.  This step-up, which we expect to be led by a surge in \\ndefense spending, is consistent with the higher payments to defense vendors that have \\nbeen reported in recent Monthly and Daily Treasury Statements.  In the state and local \\nsector, spending edged up at an annual rate of \'bd percent in the first quarter, as it had in \\nthe fourth quarter.  Despite improvements in their fiscal positions, state and local \\ngovernments have continued to increase expenditures only cautiously.  We expect \\nspending to begin to rise more rapidly in the current quarter and are forecasting an \\nincrease of 1\'be percent at an annual rate in the second quarter. \\n \\nIn the first quarter, imports rose swiftly, with purchases of consumer goods showing \\nparticular strength; exports posted a smaller gain.  The decline in net exports subtracted \\nabout 1\'bc percentage points from the growth of real GDP last quarter.  In the current \\nquarter, we expect import growth to cool while exports maintain solid growth, supported \\nby the continuing effects of last year\'92s dollar depreciation.  As a result, net exports are \\nprojected to make a \'bd percentage point positive contribution to GDP growth. \\n \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-6 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\nThe BEA reports that nonfarm inventories rose $78 billion at an annual rate in the first \\nquarter, much more than in the preceding quarter.  We believe that at least part of this \\nlarge accumulation was unintended, as firms were likely surprised, as we were, by the \\nslowing in final sales growth.  We do not expect a buildup of this size to be repeated, and \\nwe are looking for more-modest inventory investment in the current quarter.   \\n \\nThe core PCE price index rose at an annual rate of 2\'bc percent in the first quarter, a step-\\nup from the average quarterly increase recorded in 2004.  Core PCE prices jumped in \\nJanuary, but rose more moderately in February and, it appears, in March.  We expect core \\ninflation to move down to an annual rate of less than 2 percent in the second quarter.  \\nOverall PCE prices rose 2 percent in the first quarter, but they are projected to accelerate \\nto 3\'bc percent this quarter in response to the surge in energy prices in March and April. \\n \\nThe Longer-Run Outlook for the Economy \\nThe unexpected slowing in economic activity in the first quarter and our reading of its \\nimplications for income and output over the remainder of the year have led us to mark \\ndown our forecast for the increase in real GDP in 2005 by about \'bd percentage point.  \\nAlthough the interest rate assumptions underpinning our projection are less restrictive \\nthan in the March Greenbook, the positive effect of this revision on real activity has been \\novershadowed by the decline in the stock market, the appreciation of the dollar, and the \\nabsence of expected oil price declines.  We now forecast that real GDP growth will slow \\nfrom nearly 4 percent in 2004 to 3\'bd percent in 2005 and 2006.   \\n \\nHousehold spending.  Our forecast calls for real consumer spending to rise at an annual \\nrate of 3\'bd percent in both 2005 and 2006, a slower pace than during the preceding two \\nyears.  The moderation primarily reflects the fading stimulus from earlier tax cuts as well \\nas the limited stock market gains since last spring that followed the striking equity price \\nrun-up in the preceding twelve months.  These factors outweigh the boost to consumption \\nfrom real pre-tax income, which should rise smartly compared with the middling gains of \\nthe past couple of years.  With consumption growth falling short of the increases in \\ndisposable personal income, the saving rate is projected to rise from \'bc percent in the first \\nquarter of 2005 to 2\'bc percent by the end of 2006. \\n \\nBrisk gains in real disposable income, in concert with low mortgage rates, should support \\na high level of residential construction over the forecast period.  We anticipate that \\nbuilders will start construction on 1.65 million single-family homes this year, even more  \\n \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nDomestic Developments I-7 \\nProjections of Real GDP \\n(Percent change at annual rate from end of  \\npreceding period except as noted) \\n  2005 \\nMeasure \\nH1 H2 \\n2006 \\nReal GDP 3.4 3.7 3.5 \\n  Previous 4.2 3.8 3.6 \\n Final sales 3.4 4.0 3.5 \\n   Previous 4.4 4.0 3.7 \\n  PCE 3.4 3.6 3.4 \\n    Previous 3.9 3.8 3.6 \\n  Residential investment 4.6 1.8 .4 \\n    Previous 6.0 -.7 .2 \\n  BFI 6.0 10.1 8.7 \\n    Previous 7.6 10.4 8.9 \\n  Government purchases 2.3 2.5 2.2 \\n    Previous 3.0 2.5 2.3 \\n  Exports 8.0 8.5 6.7 \\n    Previous 8.3 9.1 7.5 \\n  Imports 7.3 6.9 6.4 \\n    Previous 5.5 6.9 6.8 \\n Contribution to growth (percentage points) \\n Inventory change .0 -.2 .0 \\n   Previous -.2 -.2 -.0 \\n Net exports -.3 -.2 -.3 \\n   Previous .0 -.2 -.3 \\n \\n \\nthan the breakneck pace of 2004.  Next year, we expect single-family starts to moderate \\nonly a touch, to 1.59 million units.   \\n \\nBusiness investment.  After a few years of circumspect capital spending, businesses \\nrapidly expanded their investment in 2004.   Supported by rising sales, robust profits, and \\na favorable financial environment, real business spending on equipment and software is \\nprojected to increase 9\'bd percent in 2005 and 10 percent in 2006.  We also expect \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-8 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\nbusiness construction spending to rise at a decent clip this year as high energy prices \\ndrive up drilling and mining expenditures.  Outlays for other types of structures, which \\nhave been flat for the past three years, should move up at a moderate pace over the next \\nyear and a half as the business-cycle recovery finally spills over to this sector. \\n \\nAfter having rebuilt inventory stocks substantially in 2004 and added to the accumulation \\nin the first quarter of this year, businesses no longer appear to have inventory positions \\nthat are too lean.  Thus, nonfarm inventory investment should slow in the second half of \\nthis year to a rate consistent with the gradual decline in the ratio of stocks to sales that we \\nexpect to accompany continued improvements in inventory practices.  We anticipate that \\nthis step-down will exert only a slight drag on real GDP growth this year.  Next year, we \\nexpect inventory investment to be a neutral influence on growth. \\n  \\nGovernment spending.  We project that real federal spending will rise 3\'bd percent this \\nyear, as another sizable increase in defense spending, in part reflecting procurement to \\nreplace equipment and materials used in Iraq, is tempered by a very small advance in \\nnondefense expenditures.  We expect the increase in federal spending to slow to 2 percent \\nnext year as Iraq-related expenditures level off.  At the state and local level, the \\nimproving budget situation in many states should permit a modest pickup in government \\nspending.  After a meager increase in 2004, we expect outlays to increase 1\'bd percent in \\nthis sector in 2005 and 2\'bd percent in 2006. \\n \\nNet exports.  Supported by solid growth abroad and the effects of past and prospective \\ndollar depreciation, real exports are expected to increase at an annual rate of 8\'bd percent \\nin the second half of this year and 6\'be percent in 2006.  Real imports are also expected to \\nrise rapidly over the next year and a half, but at a slower rate than in 2004.  As a \\nconsequence, the external sector, which exerted a sizable drag on GDP growth last year, \\nholds down growth only \'bc percentage point this year and next.  (The International \\nDevelopments section provides a more extensive discussion of the outlook for the external \\nsector.) \\n \\nAggregate Supply, the Labor Market, and Inflation \\nOur estimates of structural productivity and potential output are essentially unchanged \\nfrom the March Greenbook.  We expect structural labor productivity to rise about 3 \\npercent per year over the forecast period and potential output to increase 3\'bc percent.  \\nBecause our forecast for actual output growth exceeds our assumed pace of potential \\noutput growth, the output gap narrows a bit over the projection period.  However, by the  \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nDomestic Developments I-9 \\n \\nDecomposition of Structural Labor Productivity \\n(Percent change, Q4 to Q4, except as noted) \\nMeasure 1974-95 \\n1996-\\n2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 \\nStructural labor productivity 1.5 2.7 3.3 3.7 3.4 2.9 3.1 \\n  Previous 1.5 2.7 3.3 3.7 3.4 2.9 3.0 \\nContributions1        \\nCapital deepening .7 1.3 .6 .7 .8 1.0  1.1 \\n  Previous .7 1.3 .6 .7 .8 1.0 1.1 \\nMultifactor productivity .5 1.1 2.4 2.8 2.4 1.7 1.7 \\n  Previous .5 1.1 2.4 2.8 2.4 1.7 1.7 \\nLabor composition .3 .3 .3 .3 .3 .3 .2 \\nMEMO        \\nPotential GDP 3.0 3.4 3.3 3.6 3.7 3.3 3.3 \\n  Previous 3.0 3.4 3.3 3.6 3.7 3.3 3.3 \\n NOTE. Components may not sum to totals because of rounding.  For multiyear periods, the \\npercent change is the annual average from Q4 of the year preceding the first year shown to Q4 of \\nthe last year shown. \\n 1. Percentage points. \\n \\nThe Outlook for the Labor Market \\n(Percent change, Q4 to Q4, except as noted) \\nMeasure 2003 2004 2005 2006 \\nOutput per hour, nonfarm business 5.5 2.8 2.2 2.7 \\n  Previous 5.5 2.9 2.3 2.5 \\nNonfarm private payroll employment -.1 1.8 1.7 1.3 \\n  Previous -.1 1.8 2.1 1.6 \\nHousehold survey employment 1.2 1.3 1.1 1.2 \\n  Previous 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 \\nLabor force participation rate1 66.1 66.0 65.9 65.9 \\n  Previous 66.1 66.0 66.0 66.1 \\nCivilian unemployment rate1 5.9 5.4 5.3 5.3 \\n  Previous 5.9 5.4 5.3 5.1 \\nMEMO \\nGDP gap2 1.4 1.3 1.0  .9 \\n  Previous 1.5 1.2 .5 .2 \\n 1. Percent, average for the fourth quarter \\n 2. Percent difference between potential and actual GDP in the fourth quarter \\nof the year indicated.  A positive number indicates that the economy is \\noperating below potential. \\n \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-10 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\n \\nend of 2006, we expect the output gap to still be nearly 1 percent of GDP, noticeably \\nabove that in the March Greenbook. \\n \\nProductivity and the labor market.  We expect gains in payrolls to average about \\n170,000 per month this year and then to slow to 145,000 per month in 2006.  We \\nanticipate that this pace of job creation will be sufficient to absorb the flow both of new \\nworkers joining the labor force and of reentrants returning because of improved \\nemployment prospects.  However, we do not expect the net job gains in this forecast to \\npush the unemployment rate down below its current level of 5\'bc percent. \\n \\nIncreases in productivity have slowed in recent quarters.  We estimate that in the first \\nquarter of this year, output per hour in the nonfarm business sector rose at just a 1\'be \\npercent rate, slower than the pace of structural labor productivity growth.  We believe \\nactual productivity gains will continue to fall short of underlying structural productivity \\ngrowth for a while, as firms relieve some of the pressure on their workers that has built \\nup in recent years and as less-efficient workers and facilities become employed.  By the \\nsecond half of 2006, however, we look for actual and structural productivity to rise at \\nroughly the same rate.  \\n \\nPrices and labor costs.  The latest information on prices points to a slightly higher rate \\nof underlying inflation than we had been assuming.  The incoming data on core PCE \\nprices have come in only a little above our expectations.  Nonetheless, we have been \\nsurprised by the size of increases in nonfuel import prices and consumer energy prices; \\nthe latter recently moved up much more sharply than we had anticipated because of a \\njump in retail gasoline margins.  We expect these cost shocks to pass through into core \\ninflation to some extent.  Taking all of these factors into account, we have marked up our \\nprojection for the increase in core PCE prices 0.1 percentage point in both 2005 and \\n2006.   \\n \\nDespite the upward revisions, the overall contour of the projection is similar to that of \\nprevious Greenbooks:  The rise in the core PCE price index is expected to slow from \\nnearly 2 percent this year to 1\'be percent in 2006.  Although we estimate that the \\ndownward pressure on inflation from the underutilization of resources has abated some \\nfrom recent years, we expect slack to exert a small but steady restraint on inflation \\nthrough the end of the forecast period.  Moreover, the pass-through of declining energy \\nprices and less rapidly rising import prices should push inflation lower next year. \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nDomestic Developments I-11 \\n \\nInflation Projections \\n(Percent change, Q4 to Q4, except as noted) \\nMeasure 2003 2004 2005 2006 \\nPCE chain-weighted price index 1.7 2.6 2.1 1.6 \\n  Previous 1.7 2.6 1.9 1.4  \\n Food and beverages 2.7 2.9 1.9 2.1 \\n   Previous 2.7 2.9 2.1 2.0 \\n Energy 7.2 18.5 4.5 -1.3 \\n   Previous 7.2 18.5 2.1 -2.0 \\n Excluding food and energy 1.2 1.6 1.9 1.7 \\n  Previous 1.2 1.6 1.8 1.6 \\nConsumer price index 1.9 3.4 2.5 1.8 \\n  Previous 1.9 3.4 2.1 1.7  \\n Excluding food and energy 1.2 2.1 2.4 2.1 \\n   Previous 1.2 2.1 2.2 2.0  \\nGDP chain-weighted price index 1.7 2.4 2.1 1.8 \\n  Previous 1.7 2.4 1.8 1.7  \\nECI for compensation of private \\n   industry workers1 4.0 3.8 4.5 4.6 \\n  Previous 4.0 3.8 4.4 4.5  \\nNFB compensation per hour 5.3 4.3 4.4 4.7 \\n  Previous 5.3 4.2 4.3 4.6 \\nPrices of core nonfuel imports 1.6 3.7 3.1 .6 \\n  Previous 1.6 3.7 2.2 .5 \\n 1. December to December. \\n \\n \\nThe upward revision to our forecast of headline price inflation has led us to raise the \\nincrease in labor compensation as well.  We now project that the employment cost index \\nwill increase 4.5 percent this year and 4.6 percent next year, up 0.1 percentage point in \\neach year compared with our previous projection.   \\n \\nFinancial Flows and Conditions \\nAfter having increased 8\'bd percent in 2004, domestic nonfinancial debt is projected to \\nexpand 7\'bd percent this year and 6\'bd percent in 2006.  The projection calls for slower debt \\ngrowth than last year for households and state and local governments, which more than \\noffsets an uptick in the rate of business borrowing. \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-12 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\n \\nHousehold debt is expected to increase 8 percent this year and 7 percent next year, down \\nfrom 11 percent last year.   The moderation reflects a projected slowdown in mortgage \\nborrowing as the pace of home-price appreciation slows.  In contrast, we expect \\nconsumer debt to expand a bit faster than last year\'92s rate as households rely less on home \\nequity extraction to finance their spending.   \\n \\nBuoyed by a turnaround in short-term borrowing, nonfinancial business debt rose \\n5\'be percent last year, and we expect its pace to pick up a bit further this year.  The \\nprojected acceleration of business debt mainly reflects the increased need to finance \\ncapital expenditures as profits level off; in addition, robust merger and acquisition \\nactivity provides some impetus to borrowing.  Despite these drivers, demand for external \\nfinance is tempered in the forecast by the unusually large stock of liquid assets that firms \\nhave accumulated over the past few years.  \\n \\nFederal debt, which grew 9 percent last year, is expected to increase at an 8\'bc percent \\npace through the end of 2006, a rate consistent with little change in the budget deficit.  \\nBecause we expect state and local borrowing to be held down by reduced opportunities \\nfor advance refunding, we project debt growth in this sector to decline from last year\'92s \\npace of 7\'bd percent to 5\'bc percent this year and 3 percent in 2006. \\n  \\nAfter having expanded 5\'bc percent in 2004, M2 is projected to increase only 2\'bd percent \\nthis year and 3\'bd percent during 2006.  We look for money demand to expand \\nconsiderably less than nominal income over the forecast period because of the rising \\nopportunity costs associated with policy tightening. \\n \\nAlternative Simulations \\nIn this section we evaluate five risks to the baseline forecast using simulations of the \\nFRB\\/US model.  The first simulation explores the possibility that the weak tone of recent \\nincoming data may be a harbinger of a more pronounced slowing in real activity, and the \\nsecond simulation layers on to it the possible adverse consequences of such a slowing for \\nfinancial markets.  The third scenario considers the opposite risk\'97that aggregate \\nspending, aided by stronger business investment, will rebound faster than we anticipate.  \\nThe final two scenarios primarily concern risks to the inflation outlook.  In the first of \\nthese two simulations, recent price increases for energy, imports, and commodities pass \\nthrough into core prices and inflation expectations to a greater extent than in the baseline.  \\nIn the final simulation, structural productivity turns out to be stronger than we project and \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nDomestic Developments I-13 \\nthus damps cost pressures.  In all of these scenarios, the federal funds rate is held at its \\nbaseline path. \\n \\nSentiment slump.  Consumer sentiment has deteriorated in recent weeks, but we expect \\nconfidence to recover over time and to help support spending and hiring.  However, we \\ncannot rule out the possibility that we are on the cusp of a greater and more persistent \\ndecline in confidence that will perhaps be triggered by a growing recognition that the \\nelevated level of energy prices is likely to be a persistent feature of the economic \\nlandscape.  In this scenario, consumer sentiment continues to decline through the start of \\nthe summer and thereafter remains low; that slump restrains household outlays and \\ngradually adds 1 percentage point to the personal saving rate.  The greater reluctance to \\nspend is accompanied by increased business caution in hiring and stockbuilding:  Over \\nthe remaining three quarters of 2005, private payroll gains average only 75,000 per \\nmonth, compared with 150,000 in the baseline; in addition, inventory stocks accumulate \\nat an annual rate of $18 billion, on average, rather than the $37 billion pace in the \\nbaseline projection.  Under these assumptions, long-term Treasury yields are held down \\nabout 10 basis points while risk premiums on private securities widen modestly.  With \\nreal GDP increasing only 3 percent in both 2005 and 2006, the unemployment rate rises \\nto 5\'be percent by late next year.  More-pronounced economic slack causes core inflation \\nto slow to 1\'bd percent in 2006. \\n \\nSentiment slump with financial spillover.  If, as in the previous scenario, the expansion \\nwere to slow markedly and economic slack to rise, market participants would likely \\nbecome less sanguine about the riskiness of bonds and equities.  This simulation \\nmaintains the assumptions of the previous one and further assumes that investors demand \\nincreased compensation for holding long-term financial assets.  This market reassessment \\ncauses yields on BAA corporate bonds to increase 70 basis points relative to baseline; \\nequity prices, rather than rising at the baseline rate of 6\'bd percent per year, are flat.  \\nHigher borrowing costs and lower household wealth exacerbate the weakness in \\naggregate spending; as a result, real GDP growth slows to 2\'bc percent next year, and the \\nunemployment rate rises to 6\'bc percent by late 2006.  Core inflation moves below 1\'bd \\npercent next year and would be expected to fall further in 2007 in the absence of any \\nmonetary offset. \\n \\n \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-14 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\nAlternative Scenarios \\n(Percent change, annual rate, from end of preceding period,  \\nexcept as noted) \\n2004 2005 \\nMeasure and scenario \\nQ4 H1 H2 \\n2006 \\nReal GDP \\nBaseline 3.8 3.4 3.7 3.5 \\nSentiment slump  3.8 3.0 3.1 3.1 \\n With financial spillover 3.8 3.0 2.8 2.3 \\nStronger underlying demand 3.8 3.9 4.7 4.2 \\nMore pass-through 3.8 3.4 3.5 3.7 \\nFaster productivity growth 3.8 3.9 4.7 4.5 \\nCivilian unemployment rate1  \\nBaseline 5.4 5.3 5.3 5.3 \\nSentiment slump  5.4 5.4 5.7 5.8 \\n With financial spillover 5.4 5.4 5.8 6.2 \\nStronger underlying demand 5.4 5.2 5.0 4.7 \\nMore pass-through 5.4 5.3 5.4 5.3 \\nFaster productivity growth 5.4 5.4 5.4 5.3 \\nPCE prices  \\nexcluding food and energy \\nBaseline 1.7 2.1 1.8 1.7 \\nSentiment slump  1.7 2.1 1.7 1.5 \\n With financial spillover 1.7 2.1 1.7 1.4 \\nStronger underlying demand 1.7 2.1 1.8 1.8 \\nMore pass-through 1.7 2.4 2.6 2.3 \\nFaster productivity growth 1.7 1.9 1.4 1.2 \\n 1. Average for the final quarter of the period. \\n \\nStronger underlying demand.  Although real activity now appears to be running a little \\nweaker than previously expected, we may be underestimating the strength of final \\ndemand.  In this scenario, the pace of real E&S investment\'97led by a return of high-tech \\nspending gains similar to those seen during the second half of the 1990s\'97rebounds more \\nsharply than in the baseline, so that average growth in 2005 and 2006 ends up matching \\nlast year\'92s robust rate.  Consumer spending later this year also snaps back more than \\nanticipated in the baseline, fully reversing the downward surprises of the late winter.  As \\na result, real GDP increases 4\'bc percent both this year and next, pulling the \\nunemployment rate down to 4\'be percent by late 2006.  Despite tighter labor and product \\nmarkets, core inflation is only a touch higher than in the baseline, in part because faster \\ncapital deepening boosts structural labor productivity. \\n \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nDomestic Developments I-15 \\nMore pass-through.  Over the past year, the prices of oil and non-energy commodities  \\nhave surged, and the dollar has depreciated almost 6 percent.  We estimate that these cost \\nincreases have raised core prices an appreciable amount and will continue to do so for a \\nwhile.  However, firms may ultimately pass on more of these costs than is assumed in the \\nbaseline.  In this scenario, we address this risk by assuming that the direct pass-through \\ninto core prices cumulates to an effect that is twice as great as in the baseline.  With no \\noffsetting monetary policy action, the resultant surge in core prices causes longer-run \\ninflation expectations to move up markedly, ratcheting up the underlying level of core \\ninflation next year.  All told, core PCE inflation climbs above 2\'bd percent in the second \\nhalf of this year.  In 2006, as the direct pass-through of costs into consumer prices is \\ncompleted, core PCE inflation moderates to 2\'bc percent but remains higher than in the \\nbaseline because of the legacy of higher inflation expectations.  Real output and \\nemployment are little affected by the surge in inflation:  Although higher consumer prices \\nreduce real wages and restrain consumer spending, lower real interest rates provide an \\noffsetting stimulus.   \\n \\nFaster productivity growth.  We have interpreted the past few years\'92 outsized increases \\nin output per hour as partly reflecting a series of one-time efficiency gains.  As a result, \\nwe expect structural labor productivity to increase only 3 percent in 2005 and 2006, down \\nfrom an estimated 3\'bd percent rise in the preceding three years.  However, we may have \\nunderstated the ongoing pace of technological innovation, and in this scenario we instead \\nassume that structural productivity will rise 3\'be percent both this year and next.  We \\nfurther assume that this faster growth is already anticipated by market participants and so \\nis already built into asset prices.  The rosier outlook for potential output boosts \\nhouseholds\'92 estimates of permanent income and firms\'92 expectations of future sales and \\nleads to higher consumption and investment spending.  Consequently, real GDP growth is \\nabout 4\'bc percent in both 2005 and 2006.  Because nominal wages respond only \\nsluggishly to changes in trend labor productivity, unit labor costs rise more slowly than in \\nthe baseline.  Competitive pressures force firms to pass most of these cost savings onto \\ncustomers, and so core inflation moves down to 1\'bc percent by next year.  \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-16 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\nSelected Greenbook Projections and  \\n70 Percent Confidence Intervals Derived from  \\nHistorical Forecast Errors and FRB\\/US Simulations  \\nMeasure 2005 2006 \\nReal GDP \\n(percent change, Q4 to Q4) \\nProjection 3.6 3.5 \\nConfidence interval \\n Greenbook forecast errors1 2.2\'964.9 1.6\'965.4 \\n FRB\\/US stochastic simulations 2.4\'964.8 1.9\'965.2 \\nCivilian unemployment rate \\n(percent, Q4) \\nProjection 5.3 5.3 \\nConfidence interval \\n Greenbook forecast errors1 4.9\'965.8 4.5\'966.1 \\n FRB\\/US stochastic simulations 4.8\'965.8 4.2\'966.1 \\nPCE prices  \\nexcluding food and energy \\n(percent change, Q4 to Q4) \\nProjection 1.9 1.7 \\nConfidence interval \\n Greenbook forecast errors2 1.5\'962.4 .9\'962.6 \\n FRB\\/US stochastic simulations 1.5\'962.4 .9\'962.6 \\n NOTE. Shocks underlying stochastic simulations are randomly drawn \\nfrom the 1978\'962003 set of model equation residuals. \\n 1. 1978\'962003. \\n 2. 1981\'962003. \\n \\n \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-17\\nForecast Confidence Intervals and Alternative Scenarios\\nConfidence Intervals Based on FRB\\/US Stochastic Simulations\\nGreenbook baseline\\nSentiment slump\\nSentiment slump with financial spillover\\nStronger underlying demand\\nMore pass-through\\nFaster productivity growth\\n2003 2004 2005 2006\\n0.0\\n0.5\\n1.0\\n1.5\\n2.0\\n2.5\\n3.0\\n0.0\\n0.5\\n1.0\\n1.5\\n2.0\\n2.5\\n3.0\\n4-quarter percent change\\nPCE Prices excluding Food and Energy\\n2003 2004 2005 2006\\n0\\n1\\n2\\n3\\n4\\n5\\n6\\n7\\n0\\n1\\n2\\n3\\n4\\n5\\n6\\n7\\n4-quarter percent change\\n90 percent interval\\n70 percent interval\\nReal GDP\\n2003 2004 2005 2006\\n3.0\\n3.5\\n4.0\\n4.5\\n5.0\\n5.5\\n6.0\\n6.5\\n7.0\\n3.0\\n3.5\\n4.0\\n4.5\\n5.0\\n5.5\\n6.0\\n6.5\\n7.0\\nPercent\\nUnemployment Rate\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-18\\nStrictly Confidential <FR> April 28, 2005\\nClass II FOMC\\nSTAFF PROJECTIONS OF CHANGES IN GDP, PRICES, AND UNEMPLOYMENT\\n(Percent, annual rate)\\n  Core PCE  Unemployment\\n  Nominal GDP   Real GDP   PCE price index   price index  rate1\\nInterval 3\\/16\\/05 4\\/28\\/05 3\\/16\\/05 4\\/28\\/05 3\\/16\\/05 4\\/28\\/05 3\\/16\\/05 4\\/28\\/05 3\\/16\\/05 4\\/28\\/05\\nANNUAL\\n______\\n2002 3.5 3.5 1.9 1.9 1.4 1.4 1.8 1.8 5.8 5.8\\n2003 4.9 4.9 3.0 3.0 1.9 1.9 1.3 1.3 6.0 6.0\\n2004 6.7 6.6 4.5 4.4 2.2 2.2 1.5 1.5 5.5 5.5\\n2005 6.2 6.0 4.1 3.6 2.1 2.3 1.7 1.8 5.3 5.3\\n2006 5.4 5.4 3.7 3.6 1.5 1.7 1.6 1.8 5.2 5.3\\nQUARTERLY\\n_________\\n2003      Q1 4.9 4.9 1.9 1.9 3.2 3.2 1.5 1.5 5.8 5.8\\n          Q2 5.3 5.3 4.1 4.1 0.7 0.7 1.1 1.1 6.1 6.1\\n          Q3 8.8 8.8 7.4 7.4 1.6 1.6 0.9 0.9 6.1 6.1\\n          Q4 5.7 5.7 4.2 4.2 1.2 1.2 1.3 1.3 5.9 5.9\\n2004      Q1 7.4 7.4 4.5 4.5 3.3 3.3 2.1 2.1 5.6 5.6\\n          Q2 6.6 6.6 3.3 3.3 3.1 3.1 1.7 1.7 5.6 5.6\\n          Q3 5.5 5.5 4.0 4.0 1.3 1.3 0.9 0.9 5.5 5.5\\n          Q4 6.6 6.2 4.3 3.8 2.6 2.7 1.6 1.7 5.4 5.4\\n2005      Q1 7.2 6.5 4.3 3.1 2.1 2.1 2.1 2.2 5.3 5.3\\n          Q2 6.0 6.3 4.1 3.6 2.8 3.2 1.8 1.9 5.3 5.3\\n          Q3 5.2 5.0 3.9 3.7 1.2 1.4 1.7 1.9 5.3 5.3\\n          Q4 5.2 5.3 3.8 3.7 1.3 1.6 1.7 1.8 5.3 5.3\\n2006      Q1 5.6 5.7 3.7 3.6 1.4 1.6 1.6 1.8 5.2 5.3\\n          Q2 5.3 5.3 3.6 3.5 1.4 1.6 1.6 1.7 5.2 5.3\\n          Q3 5.3 5.3 3.6 3.5 1.4 1.6 1.6 1.7 5.2 5.3\\n          Q4 5.2 5.3 3.6 3.5 1.5 1.6 1.5 1.7 5.1 5.3\\nTWO-QUARTER2\\n___________\\n2003      Q2 5.1 5.1 3.0 3.0 2.0 2.0 1.3 1.3 0.2 0.2\\n          Q4 7.2 7.2 5.8 5.8 1.4 1.4 1.1 1.1 -0.2 -0.2\\n2004      Q2 7.0 7.0 3.9 3.9 3.2 3.2 1.9 1.9 -0.3 -0.3\\n          Q4 6.0 5.9 4.1 3.9 1.9 2.0 1.2 1.3 -0.2 -0.2\\n2005      Q2 6.6 6.4 4.2 3.4 2.4 2.6 1.9 2.1 -0.1 -0.1\\n          Q4 5.2 5.1 3.8 3.7 1.3 1.5 1.7 1.8 0.0 0.0\\n2006      Q2 5.5 5.5 3.6 3.5 1.4 1.6 1.6 1.8 -0.1 0.0\\n          Q4 5.3 5.3 3.6 3.5 1.5 1.6 1.5 1.7 -0.1 0.0\\nFOUR-QUARTER3\\n____________\\n2002      Q4 3.8 3.8 2.3 2.3 1.8 1.8 1.5 1.5 0.4 0.4\\n2003      Q4 6.2 6.2 4.4 4.4 1.7 1.7 1.2 1.2 0.0 0.0\\n2004      Q4 6.5 6.4 4.0 3.9 2.6 2.6 1.6 1.6 -0.5 -0.5\\n2005      Q4 5.9 5.8 4.0 3.6 1.9 2.1 1.8 1.9 -0.2 -0.1\\n2006      Q4 5.4 5.4 3.6 3.5 1.4 1.6 1.6 1.7 -0.1 -0.0\\n  1. Level, except as noted.\\n  2. Percent change from two quarters earlier; for unemployment rate, change in percentage points.\\n  3. Percent change from four quarters earlier; for unemployment rate, change in percentage points.\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-19\\nStrictly Confidential <FR> April 28, 2005\\nClass II FOMC REAL GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT AND RELATED ITEMS, ANNUAL VALUES\\n(Seasonally adjusted annual rate)\\n- - - Projected - - -\\nItem Units1 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006\\nExpenditures\\n____________\\nNominal GDP  Bill. $    8747.0 9268.4 9817.0 10128.0 10487.0 11004.0 11735.0 12441.9 13117.3\\nReal GDP  Bill. Ch. $ 9066.9 9470.3 9817.0 9890.7 10074.8 10381.3 10841.9 11231.8 11634.8\\nReal GDP  % change   4.5 4.7 2.2 0.2 2.3 4.4 3.9 3.6 3.5\\nGross domestic purchases  5.5 5.5 3.0 0.4 3.1 4.3 4.5 3.6 3.6\\nFinal sales  4.8 4.2 2.9 1.5 1.2 4.5 3.6 3.7 3.5\\nPriv. dom. final purchases  6.4 5.3 4.3 1.0 1.7 4.9 4.8 4.0 3.9\\nPersonal cons. expenditures  5.4 4.9 4.1 2.8 2.5 3.8 3.8 3.5 3.4\\n  Durables  14.4 7.3 4.7 10.8 1.5 9.9 5.5 4.9 5.9\\n  Nondurables  4.7 4.9 3.0 1.9 2.3 4.6 4.3 4.2 4.1\\n  Services  3.8 4.4 4.5 1.6 2.9 2.2 3.1 2.8 2.6\\nBusiness fixed investment  10.9 7.7 7.8 -9.6 -6.0 9.4 11.0 8.0 8.7\\n  Equipment & Software  13.5 10.8 7.5 -9.0 -2.2 12.1 14.5 9.4 9.9\\n  Nonres. structures  4.0 -0.9 8.8 -11.1 -16.1 1.5 -0.1 3.4 4.7\\nResidential structures  10.3 3.6 -1.9 1.4 6.9 12.0 6.5 3.2 0.4\\nExports  2.6 5.6 6.5 -11.9 3.5 6.1 5.9 8.3 6.7\\nImports  11.0 12.1 11.2 -7.6 9.7 4.9 9.8 7.1 6.4\\nGov\'92t. cons. & investment  3.3 4.2 0.4 5.0 3.8 2.2 1.6 2.4 2.2\\n  Federal  0.1 4.2 -2.2 6.4 8.2 5.5 3.9 3.6 1.9\\n    Defense  -1.2 4.3 -3.5 6.5 8.5 8.5 5.4 5.0 2.3\\n  State & local  5.1 4.2 1.7 4.2 1.6 0.4 0.2 1.6 2.4\\nChange in bus. inventories  Bill. Ch. $ 72.6 68.9 56.5 -31.7 11.7 -0.8 45.7 46.5 33.3\\n  Nonfarm  71.2 71.5 57.8 -31.8 13.5 -1.1 42.4 45.5 31.4\\nNet exports  -203.7 -296.2 -379.5 -399.1 -472.1 -518.5 -583.7 -647.1 -671.3\\nNominal GDP  % change   5.7 6.3 4.6 2.7 3.8 6.2 6.4 5.8 5.4\\nGDP Gap2  %          -1.5 -2.3 -2.5 0.1 1.5 2.0 1.3 1.2 0.9\\nEmployment and Production\\n_________________________\\nNonfarm payroll employment  Millions   125.9 129.0 131.8 131.8 130.3 130.0 131.5 133.6 135.4\\nUnemployment rate  %          4.5 4.2 4.0 4.7 5.8 6.0 5.5 5.3 5.3\\nIndustrial prod. index  % change   4.2 5.2 1.9 -5.1 1.5 1.2 4.3 4.4 3.8\\nCapacity util. rate - mfg.  %          81.8 81.1 80.6 74.5 73.5 73.7 76.7 78.7 80.7\\nHousing starts  Millions   1.62 1.64 1.57 1.60 1.70 1.85 1.96 2.01 1.94\\nLight motor vehicle sales  15.56 16.91 17.35 17.13 16.76 16.64 16.83 16.91 17.24\\n  North Amer. produced  13.52 14.41 14.48 14.05 13.47 13.33 13.44 13.45 13.75\\n  Other  2.04 2.50 2.87 3.08 3.28 3.31 3.39 3.46 3.50\\nIncome and Saving\\n_________________\\nNominal GNP  Bill. $    8768.3 9302.2 9855.9 10171.6 10514.1 11059.2 11778.9 12464.4 13104.8\\nNominal GNP  % change   5.5 6.5 4.7 2.9 3.5 6.5 5.9 5.6 5.1\\nNominal personal income  7.0 5.5 7.1 2.2 1.9 4.6 6.7 5.4 6.5\\nReal disposable income  5.6 2.8 4.4 1.2 2.9 3.9 4.1 2.8 4.7\\nPersonal saving rate  %          4.3 2.4 2.3 1.8 2.0 1.4 1.2 0.6 1.9\\nCorp. profits, IVA & CCAdj.  % change   -10.0 9.6 -8.6 -0.2 15.4 23.4 12.4 4.2 0.3\\n  Profit share of GNP  %          9.1 9.2 8.3 7.5 8.3 9.2 10.0 10.6 10.1\\n    Excluding FR Banks             8.9 8.9 8.0 7.3 8.1 9.1 9.9 10.4 10.0\\nFederal surpl.\\/deficit  Bill. $    38.8 103.6 189.5 46.7 -254.5 -364.5 -375.6 -292.2 -352.1\\nState & local surpl.\\/def.  52.0 50.4 50.0 4.8 -25.0 -3.2 17.6 17.4 24.7\\n  Ex. social ins. funds  50.3 48.7 47.9 2.2 -26.6 -4.3 16.2 16.4 23.7\\nGross natl. saving rate  %          18.2 18.0 18.0 16.3 14.1 13.5 13.8 13.8 14.0\\nNet natl. saving rate  7.4 6.9 6.7 4.2 2.0 1.4 2.1 2.5 2.8\\nPrices and Costs\\n________________\\nGDP chn.-wt. price index  % change   1.1 1.6 2.2 2.4 1.6 1.7 2.4 2.1 1.8\\nGross Domestic Purchases\\n    chn.-wt. price index  0.7 2.0 2.4 1.6 1.8 1.8 2.9 2.3 1.6\\nPCE chn.-wt. price index  0.9 2.1 2.3 1.7 1.8 1.7 2.6 2.1 1.6\\n  Ex. food and energy  1.4 1.6 1.5 2.2 1.5 1.2 1.6 1.9 1.7\\nCPI  1.5 2.6 3.4 1.8 2.2 1.9 3.4 2.5 1.8\\n  Ex. food and energy  2.3 2.0 2.6 2.7 2.1 1.2 2.1 2.4 2.1\\nECI, hourly compensation3  3.5 3.4 4.4 4.2 3.2 4.0 3.8 4.5 4.6\\nNonfarm business sector\\n  Output per hour  2.7 3.4 2.1 3.3 3.5 5.5 2.8 2.2 2.7\\n  Compensation per Hour  5.5 5.2 6.4 3.6 2.9 5.3 4.3 4.4 4.7\\n  Unit labor cost  2.7 1.7 4.3 0.3 -0.6 -0.2 1.4 2.1 1.9\\n  1. Changes are from fourth quarter to fourth quarter.\\n  2. Percent difference between potential and actual.  A positive number indicates that the economy is operating below potential.\\n  3. Private-industry workers.\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-20\\nStrictly Confidential <FR> April 28, 2005\\nClass II FOMC REAL GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT AND RELATED ITEMS, QUARTERLY VALUES\\n(Seasonally adjusted, annual rate except as noted)\\n2002 2002 2002 2002 2003 2003 2003 2003 2004 2004\\nItem Units Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 \\nExpenditures\\n____________\\nNominal GDP  Bill. $    10338.2 10445.7 10546.5 10617.5 10744.6 10884.0 11116.7 11270.9 11472.6 11657.5\\nReal GDP  Bill. Ch. $ 9993.5 10052.6 10117.3 10135.9 10184.4 10287.4 10472.8 10580.7 10697.5 10784.7\\nReal GDP  % change   3.4 2.4 2.6 0.7 1.9 4.1 7.4 4.2 4.5 3.3\\nGross domestic purchases  4.4 2.8 2.9 2.4 1.7 4.4 6.4 4.7 5.0 4.2\\nFinal sales  0.3 1.8 2.0 0.7 2.4 5.2 6.8 3.7 3.3 2.5\\nPriv. dom. final purchases  0.7 1.7 2.4 1.9 2.6 5.1 7.2 4.8 4.2 3.7\\nPersonal cons. expenditures  1.8 2.8 2.9 2.5 2.7 3.9 5.0 3.6 4.1 1.6\\n  Durables  -8.5 4.4 14.0 -2.4 -0.1 20.6 16.5 3.9 2.2 -0.3\\n  Nondurables  3.8 0.8 -0.6 5.3 5.0 1.6 6.9 5.1 6.7 0.1\\n  Services  3.3 3.5 2.4 2.2 2.1 1.8 1.9 2.8 3.3 2.7\\nBusiness fixed investment  -9.7 -9.6 -1.1 -3.2 -0.1 11.8 15.7 11.0 4.2 12.5\\n  Equipment & Software  -6.3 -4.5 4.6 -2.0 4.5 11.0 21.7 12.0 8.0 14.2\\n  Nonres. structures  -18.5 -22.6 -16.0 -6.6 -13.0 14.5 -1.3 7.9 -7.6 6.9\\nResidential structures  9.3 11.3 2.8 4.2 7.5 9.1 22.4 9.6 5.0 16.5\\nExports  4.7 11.0 3.1 -4.2 -1.5 -1.6 11.3 17.5 7.3 7.3\\nImports  12.5 11.4 5.4 9.6 -2.0 2.5 2.8 17.1 10.6 12.6\\nGov\'92t. cons. & investment  4.7 4.4 2.1 4.0 0.2 7.2 0.1 1.6 2.5 2.2\\n  Federal  8.2 12.8 2.9 9.1 0.3 22.1 -3.3 4.8 7.1 2.7\\n    Defense  5.8 11.5 3.4 13.5 -2.7 38.4 -7.7 11.6 10.6 1.9\\n  State & local  2.9 0.3 1.7 1.4 0.1 -0.4 2.2 -0.1 -0.0 1.9\\nChange in bus. inventories  Bill. Ch. $ -7.4 7.9 22.7 23.8 9.6 -17.6 -3.5 8.6 40.0 61.1\\n  Nonfarm  -11.9 16.1 24.6 25.3 9.6 -15.7 -2.7 4.6 34.5 58.8\\nNet exports  -444.9 -458.1 -469.8 -515.4 -511.7 -525.2 -508.7 -528.3 -550.1 -580.3\\nNominal GDP  % change   4.5 4.2 3.9 2.7 4.9 5.3 8.8 5.7 7.4 6.6\\nGDP Gap1  %          1.1 1.3 1.5 2.1 2.5 2.4 1.6 1.4 1.2 1.3\\nEmployment and Production\\n_________________________\\nNonfarm payroll employment  Millions   130.5 130.3 130.3 130.3 130.1 129.8 129.9 130.2 130.5 131.3\\nUnemployment rate  %          5.7 5.8 5.7 5.9 5.8 6.1 6.1 5.9 5.6 5.6\\nIndustrial prod. index  % change   2.3 4.4 1.7 -2.3 -0.7 -4.0 4.1 5.7 5.6 4.3\\nCapacity util. rate - mfg.  %          73.0 73.6 74.0 73.5 73.5 73.0 73.7 74.8 75.6 76.5\\nHousing starts  Millions   1.72 1.68 1.70 1.74 1.74 1.75 1.88 2.04 1.94 1.92\\nLight motor vehicle sales  16.57 16.50 17.37 16.57 16.09 16.39 17.24 16.82 16.51 16.54\\n  North Amer. produced  13.26 13.29 14.06 13.28 12.72 13.11 13.90 13.58 13.26 13.15\\n  Other  3.31 3.22 3.32 3.29 3.37 3.28 3.34 3.24 3.26 3.39\\nIncome and Saving\\n_________________\\nNominal GNP  Bill. $    10361.7 10461.6 10571.7 10661.2 10781.3 10929.0 11168.3 11358.1 11546.1 11693.6\\nNominal GNP  % change   2.4 3.9 4.3 3.4 4.6 5.6 9.0 7.0 6.8 5.2\\nNominal personal income  2.2 4.3 -0.1 1.1 3.8 4.7 4.6 5.3 5.0 6.4\\nReal disposable income  10.8 2.7 -1.7 0.2 1.8 4.3 8.2 1.4 2.4 2.8\\nPersonal saving rate  %          2.7 2.7 1.6 1.2 1.0 1.1 1.9 1.3 1.0 1.3\\nCorp. profits, IVA & CCAdj.  % change   24.9 15.2 3.6 19.1 -1.4 36.7 32.0 30.2 13.6 2.9\\n  Profit share of GNP  %          8.1 8.3 8.3 8.6 8.5 9.0 9.5 9.9 10.1 10.0\\n    Excluding FR Banks             7.9 8.1 8.1 8.4 8.3 8.8 9.3 9.8 9.9 9.9\\nFederal surpl.\\/deficit  Bill. $    -208.5 -251.6 -255.1 -302.7 -281.6 -364.4 -433.0 -379.2 -391.0 -380.0\\nState & local surpl.\\/def.  -28.8 -23.6 -21.3 -26.3 -49.0 -5.7 6.5 35.3 11.8 18.3\\n  Ex. social ins. funds  -30.8 -25.3 -22.8 -27.6 -50.1 -6.7 5.4 34.1 10.6 16.9\\nGross natl. saving rate  %          15.0 14.6 13.7 13.2 12.8 13.1 13.6 14.3 13.6 13.8\\nNet natl. saving rate  2.9 2.5 1.5 0.9 0.4 0.9 1.6 2.5 2.1 2.3\\nPrices and Costs\\n________________\\nGDP chn.-wt. price index  % change   1.4 1.5 1.7 2.0 2.7 1.1 1.4 1.6 2.8 3.2\\nGross Domestic Purchases\\n    chn.-wt. price index  1.2 2.5 1.8 1.9 3.7 0.4 1.7 1.4 3.4 3.5\\nPCE chn.-wt. price index  0.9 2.9 2.0 1.4 3.2 0.7 1.6 1.2 3.3 3.1\\n  Ex. food and energy  1.2 2.0 2.0 0.9 1.5 1.1 0.9 1.3 2.1 1.7\\nCPI  1.6 3.2 2.0 2.2 4.0 0.4 2.2 0.9 4.0 4.4\\n  Ex. food and energy  2.4 2.1 2.1 1.7 1.3 0.8 1.7 1.0 1.9 2.5\\nECI, hourly compensation2  3.6 4.4 2.5 3.3 5.5 3.4 4.4 3.1 4.3 4.0\\nNonfarm business sector\\n  Output per hour  6.9 1.3 4.3 1.5 4.0 6.7 8.7 2.8 3.8 3.9\\n  Compensation per hour  5.4 3.7 1.2 1.2 5.6 5.7 5.7 4.1 2.1 5.9\\n  Unit labor cost  -1.4 2.3 -2.9 -0.3 1.6 -1.0 -2.7 1.2 -1.6 1.9\\n  1. Percent difference between potential and actual.  A positive number indicates that the economy is operating below potential.\\n  2. Private-industry workers.\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-21\\nStrictly Confidential <FR> April 28, 2005\\nClass II FOMC REAL GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT AND RELATED ITEMS, QUARTERLY VALUES\\n(Seasonally adjusted, annual rate except as noted)\\n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Projected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -\\n2004 2004 2005 2005 2005 2005 2006 2006 2006 2006\\nItem Units Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 \\nEXPENDITURES\\n____________\\nNominal GDP  Bill. $    11814.9 11994.8 12184.1 12372.7 12524.2 12686.6 12863.1 13031.5 13201.7 13372.7\\nReal GDP  Bill. Ch. $ 10891.0 10994.3 11079.6 11179.2 11282.2 11386.3 11486.3 11584.3 11683.9 11784.8\\nReal GDP  % change   4.0 3.8 3.1 3.6 3.7 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.5 3.5\\nGross domestic purchases  3.9 5.0 4.2 2.8 3.6 3.9 3.9 3.1 3.6 3.9\\nFinal sales  5.0 3.4 2.1 4.6 4.2 3.7 3.3 4.0 3.5 3.1\\nPriv. dom. final purchases  5.8 5.4 3.8 3.7 4.4 4.2 4.0 3.9 3.9 3.8\\nPersonal cons. expenditures  5.1 4.2 3.5 3.2 3.6 3.5 3.5 3.4 3.4 3.4\\n  Durables  17.2 3.9 0.0 5.9 6.8 7.0 5.7 5.5 6.4 5.8\\n  Nondurables  4.7 5.9 4.9 2.9 4.6 4.5 4.2 4.2 4.1 4.1\\n  Services  3.0 3.4 3.6 2.8 2.6 2.4 2.7 2.7 2.5 2.5\\nBusiness fixed investment  13.0 14.5 4.7 7.2 10.5 9.7 9.3 8.7 9.0 7.9\\n  Equipment & Software  17.5 18.4 6.9 8.4 11.9 10.5 10.3 9.6 10.6 9.2\\n  Nonres. structures  -1.1 2.1 -2.6 3.2 6.0 7.3 6.1 5.6 3.8 3.3\\nResidential structures  1.6 3.4 5.7 3.6 2.3 1.3 -0.6 0.3 0.8 1.0\\nExports  6.0 3.2 7.9 8.2 8.0 9.1 5.7 6.8 6.6 7.7\\nImports  4.6 11.4 13.7 1.2 5.6 8.1 7.1 3.0 6.5 9.0\\nGov\'92t. cons. & investment  0.7 0.9 0.6 4.0 2.7 2.3 2.1 2.3 2.2 2.3\\n  Federal  4.8 1.2 0.6 7.9 3.9 2.4 1.7 1.9 1.8 2.0\\n    Defense  10.1 -0.6 0.2 11.4 5.3 3.4 2.0 2.3 2.3 2.7\\n  State & local  -1.7 0.6 0.5 1.7 2.0 2.2 2.4 2.5 2.5 2.5\\nChange in bus. inventories  Bill. Ch. $ 34.5 47.2 75.3 45.1 31.8 33.9 41.9 26.1 26.2 38.8\\n  Nonfarm  30.4 45.9 77.6 42.3 30.0 32.1 40.1 24.3 24.3 37.0\\nNet exports  -583.2 -621.1 -656.6 -639.2 -641.4 -651.3 -666.5 -660.2 -670.0 -688.6\\nNominal GDP  % change   5.5 6.2 6.5 6.3 5.0 5.3 5.7 5.3 5.3 5.3\\nGDP Gap1  %          1.3 1.3 1.3 1.2 1.1 1.0 1.0 0.9 0.9 0.9\\nEMPLOYMENT AND PRODUCTION\\n_________________________\\nNonfarm payroll employment  Millions   131.7 132.3 132.8 133.3 133.8 134.3 134.8 135.2 135.7 136.1\\nUnemployment rate  %          5.5 5.4 5.3 5.3 5.3 5.3 5.3 5.3 5.3 5.3\\nIndustrial prod. index  % change   2.7 4.5 3.6 2.5 6.3 5.3 4.3 3.7 3.7 3.7\\nCapacity util. rate - mfg.  %          77.0 77.6 78.1 78.2 79.0 79.7 80.2 80.5 80.8 81.1\\nHousing starts  Millions   1.97 1.98 2.09 2.02 1.97 1.97 1.95 1.94 1.94 1.93\\nLight motor vehicle sales  17.07 17.20 16.41 16.95 17.11 17.16 17.22 17.23 17.25 17.26\\n  North Amer. produced  13.81 13.56 13.10 13.38 13.65 13.68 13.73 13.74 13.75 13.76\\n  Other  3.27 3.65 3.31 3.57 3.46 3.48 3.49 3.49 3.50 3.50\\nINCOME AND SAVING\\n_________________\\nNominal GNP  Bill. $    11853.0 12022.8 12217.9 12397.2 12542.9 12699.6 12865.5 13023.8 13186.3 13343.6\\nNominal GNP  % change   5.6 5.9 6.7 6.0 4.8 5.1 5.3 5.0 5.1 4.9\\nNominal personal income  4.6 10.9 2.4 6.7 6.4 6.3 7.6 6.2 6.1 5.9\\nReal disposable income  2.9 8.3 -1.3 3.4 4.6 4.6 6.1 4.5 4.3 4.1\\nPersonal saving rate  %          0.7 1.6 0.3 0.4 0.7 0.9 1.5 1.8 2.0 2.2\\nCorp. profits, IVA & CCAdj.  % change   -17.7 65.9 10.8 7.2 -1.1 0.1 2.8 -0.6 0.8 -1.8\\n  Profit share of GNP  %          9.4 10.6 10.7 10.7 10.5 10.4 10.3 10.2 10.1 9.9\\n    Excluding FR Banks             9.3 10.4 10.5 10.5 10.4 10.3 10.2 10.1 10.0 9.8\\nFederal surpl.\\/deficit  Bill. $    -375.0 -356.2 -297.1 -287.5 -290.5 -293.9 -360.2 -351.0 -353.3 -343.8\\nState & local surpl.\\/def.  4.5 35.6 20.9 16.2 15.4 17.1 25.2 22.9 24.7 26.1\\n  Ex. social ins. funds  3.0 34.2 20.0 15.2 14.4 16.1 24.2 21.9 23.7 25.1\\nGross natl. saving rate  %          13.8 13.8 13.7 13.8 13.8 13.8 13.8 14.0 14.0 14.1\\nNet natl. saving rate  1.3 2.5 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.6 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9\\nPRICES AND COSTS\\n________________\\nGDP chn.-wt. price index  % change   1.4 2.3 3.3 2.6 1.2 1.5 2.1 1.8 1.8 1.7\\nGross Domestic Purchases\\n    chn.-wt. price index  1.9 2.9 3.0 3.0 1.6 1.7 1.9 1.6 1.6 1.5\\nPCE chn.-wt. price index  1.3 2.7 2.1 3.2 1.4 1.6 1.6 1.6 1.6 1.6\\n  Ex. food and energy  0.9 1.7 2.2 1.9 1.9 1.8 1.8 1.7 1.7 1.7\\nCPI  1.7 3.4 2.5 4.2 1.5 1.9 1.8 1.8 1.8 1.8\\n  Ex. food and energy  1.8 2.3 2.6 2.5 2.3 2.2 2.2 2.1 2.0 2.0\\nECI, hourly compensation2  3.5 3.0 4.4 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.5 4.6 4.6\\nNonfarm business sector\\n  Output per hour  1.3 2.3 1.8 2.1 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9\\n  Compensation per hour  5.4 3.8 4.1 4.3 4.5 4.6 4.6 4.7 4.7 4.7\\n  Unit labor cost  4.0 1.5 2.2 2.1 2.1 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.8\\n  1. Percent difference between potential and actual.  A positive number indicates that the economy is operating below potential.\\n  2. Private-industry workers.\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-22\\nS\\nt\\nr\\ni\\nc\\nt\\nl\\ny\\n \\nC\\no\\nn\\nf\\ni\\nd\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\n<\\nF\\nR\\n>\\nA\\np\\nr\\ni\\nl\\n \\n2\\n8\\n,\\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\nC\\nl\\na\\ns\\ns\\n \\nI\\nI\\n \\nF\\nO\\nM\\nC\\nC\\nO\\nN\\nT\\nR\\nI\\nB\\nU\\nT\\nI\\nO\\nN\\nS\\n \\nT\\nO\\n \\nG\\nR\\nO\\nW\\nT\\nH\\n \\nI\\nN\\n \\nR\\nE\\nA\\nL\\n \\nG\\nR\\nO\\nS\\nS\\n \\nD\\nO\\nM\\nE\\nS\\nT\\nI\\nC\\n \\nP\\nR\\nO\\nD\\nU\\nC\\nT\\n \\nA\\nN\\nD\\n \\nR\\nE\\nL\\nA\\nT\\nE\\nD\\n \\nI\\nT\\nE\\nM\\nS\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n2\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n2\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n3\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n3\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n3\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n3\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n4\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n4\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n4\\n0\\n2\\nQ\\n4\\n\\/\\n0\\n3\\nQ\\n4\\n\\/\\n0\\n4\\nQ\\n4\\n\\/\\nI\\nt\\ne\\nm\\nQ\\n3\\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\n0\\n1\\nQ\\n4\\n0\\n2\\nQ\\n4\\n0\\n3\\nQ\\n4\\nR\\ne\\na\\nl\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n1\\n.\\n9\\n4\\n.\\n1\\n7\\n.\\n4\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n2\\n.\\n3\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\nG\\nr\\no\\ns\\ns\\n \\nd\\no\\nm\\n.\\n \\np\\nu\\nr\\nc\\nh\\na\\ns\\ne\\ns\\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n1\\n.\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n6\\n6\\n.\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\nF\\ni\\nn\\na\\nl\\n \\ns\\na\\nl\\ne\\ns\\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n5\\n.\\n1\\n6\\n.\\n8\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\nr\\ni\\nv\\n.\\n \\nd\\no\\nm\\n.\\n \\nf\\ni\\nn\\na\\nl\\n \\np\\nu\\nr\\nc\\nh\\na\\ns\\ne\\ns\\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n6\\n2\\n.\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n3\\n6\\n.\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n1\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\ne\\nr\\ns\\no\\nn\\na\\nl\\n \\nc\\no\\nn\\ns\\n.\\n \\ne\\nx\\np\\ne\\nn\\nd\\ni\\nt\\nu\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n1\\n.\\n8\\n2\\n.\\n7\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n2\\n.\\n9\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n2\\n.\\n7\\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\nu\\nr\\na\\nb\\nl\\ne\\ns\\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n6\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nr\\na\\nb\\nl\\ne\\ns\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\nu\\ns\\ni\\nn\\ne\\ns\\ns\\n \\nf\\ni\\nx\\ne\\nd\\n \\ni\\nn\\nv\\ne\\ns\\nt\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nq\\nu\\ni\\np\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\no\\nf\\nt\\nw\\na\\nr\\ne\\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\no\\nn\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n.\\n \\ns\\nt\\nr\\nu\\nc\\nt\\nu\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nR\\ne\\ns\\ni\\nd\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\ns\\nt\\nr\\nu\\nc\\nt\\nu\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\ne\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n-\\n2\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n8\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nG\\no\\nv\\ne\\nr\\nn\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\nc\\no\\nn\\ns\\n.\\n \\n&\\n \\ni\\nn\\nv\\ne\\ns\\nt\\n.\\n \\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n0\\n.\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nF\\ne\\nd\\ne\\nr\\na\\nl\\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\ne\\nf\\ne\\nn\\ns\\ne\\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\no\\nn\\nd\\ne\\nf\\ne\\nn\\ns\\ne\\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\nt\\na\\nt\\ne\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\nl\\no\\nc\\na\\nl\\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\nC\\nh\\na\\nn\\ng\\ne\\n \\ni\\nn\\n \\nb\\nu\\ns\\n.\\n \\ni\\nn\\nv\\ne\\nn\\nt\\no\\nr\\ni\\ne\\ns\\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\no\\nn\\nf\\na\\nr\\nm\\n \\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nF\\na\\nr\\nm\\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\nN\\no\\nt\\ne\\n:\\n \\nC\\no\\nm\\np\\no\\nn\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ns\\n \\nm\\na\\ny\\n \\nn\\no\\nt\\n \\ns\\nu\\nm\\n \\nt\\no\\n \\nt\\no\\nt\\na\\nl\\ns\\n \\nb\\ne\\nc\\na\\nu\\ns\\ne\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nr\\no\\nu\\nn\\nd\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n.\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-23\\nS\\nt\\nr\\ni\\nc\\nt\\nl\\ny\\n \\nC\\no\\nn\\nf\\ni\\nd\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\n<\\nF\\nR\\n>\\nA\\np\\nr\\ni\\nl\\n \\n2\\n8\\n,\\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\nC\\nl\\na\\ns\\ns\\n \\nI\\nI\\n \\nF\\nO\\nM\\nC\\nC\\nO\\nN\\nT\\nR\\nI\\nB\\nU\\nT\\nI\\nO\\nN\\nS\\n \\nT\\nO\\n \\nG\\nR\\nO\\nW\\nT\\nH\\n \\nI\\nN\\n \\nR\\nE\\nA\\nL\\n \\nG\\nR\\nO\\nS\\nS\\n \\nD\\nO\\nM\\nE\\nS\\nT\\nI\\nC\\n \\nP\\nR\\nO\\nD\\nU\\nC\\nT\\n \\nA\\nN\\nD\\n \\nR\\nE\\nL\\nA\\nT\\nE\\nD\\n \\nI\\nT\\nE\\nM\\nS\\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\nP\\nr\\no\\nj\\ne\\nc\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n \\nP\\nr\\no\\nj\\ne\\nc\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\n-\\n \\n-\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n4\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n6\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n6\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n6\\n2\\n0\\n0\\n6\\n0\\n4\\nQ\\n4\\n\\/\\n0\\n5\\nQ\\n4\\n\\/\\n0\\n6\\nQ\\n4\\n\\/\\nI\\nt\\ne\\nm\\nQ\\n4\\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\n0\\n3\\nQ\\n4\\n0\\n4\\nQ\\n4\\n0\\n5\\nQ\\n4\\nR\\ne\\na\\nl\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n3\\n.\\n1\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n3\\n.\\n9\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\nG\\nr\\no\\ns\\ns\\n \\nd\\no\\nm\\n.\\n \\np\\nu\\nr\\nc\\nh\\na\\ns\\ne\\ns\\n \\n5\\n.\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n3\\n.\\n0\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n1\\n4\\n.\\n1\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n4\\n.\\n7\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\nF\\ni\\nn\\na\\nl\\n \\ns\\na\\nl\\ne\\ns\\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n2\\n.\\n1\\n4\\n.\\n6\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n4\\n.\\n0\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n3\\n.\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\nr\\ni\\nv\\n.\\n \\nd\\no\\nm\\n.\\n \\nf\\ni\\nn\\na\\nl\\n \\np\\nu\\nr\\nc\\nh\\na\\ns\\ne\\ns\\n \\n4\\n.\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n3\\n.\\n2\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\ne\\nr\\ns\\no\\nn\\na\\nl\\n \\nc\\no\\nn\\ns\\n.\\n \\ne\\nx\\np\\ne\\nn\\nd\\ni\\nt\\nu\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n \\n2\\n.\\n9\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n2\\n.\\n3\\n2\\n.\\n6\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\nu\\nr\\na\\nb\\nl\\ne\\ns\\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nr\\na\\nb\\nl\\ne\\ns\\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n1\\n.\\n3\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\nu\\ns\\ni\\nn\\ne\\ns\\ns\\n \\nf\\ni\\nx\\ne\\nd\\n \\ni\\nn\\nv\\ne\\ns\\nt\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nq\\nu\\ni\\np\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\no\\nf\\nt\\nw\\na\\nr\\ne\\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\no\\nn\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n.\\n \\ns\\nt\\nr\\nu\\nc\\nt\\nu\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nR\\ne\\ns\\ni\\nd\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\ns\\nt\\nr\\nu\\nc\\nt\\nu\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\ne\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n-\\n2\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nG\\no\\nv\\ne\\nr\\nn\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\nc\\no\\nn\\ns\\n.\\n \\n&\\n \\ni\\nn\\nv\\ne\\ns\\nt\\n.\\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nF\\ne\\nd\\ne\\nr\\na\\nl\\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\ne\\nf\\ne\\nn\\ns\\ne\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\no\\nn\\nd\\ne\\nf\\ne\\nn\\ns\\ne\\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\nt\\na\\nt\\ne\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\nl\\no\\nc\\na\\nl\\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\nC\\nh\\na\\nn\\ng\\ne\\n \\ni\\nn\\n \\nb\\nu\\ns\\n.\\n \\ni\\nn\\nv\\ne\\nn\\nt\\no\\nr\\ni\\ne\\ns\\n \\n0\\n.\\n5\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n0\\n.\\n4\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\no\\nn\\nf\\na\\nr\\nm\\n \\n0\\n.\\n5\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n0\\n.\\n4\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nF\\na\\nr\\nm\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\nN\\no\\nt\\ne\\n:\\n \\nC\\no\\nm\\np\\no\\nn\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ns\\n \\nm\\na\\ny\\n \\nn\\no\\nt\\n \\ns\\nu\\nm\\n \\nt\\no\\n \\nt\\no\\nt\\na\\nl\\ns\\n \\nb\\ne\\nc\\na\\nu\\ns\\ne\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nr\\no\\nu\\nn\\nd\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n.\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-24\\nSt\\nri\\nct\\nly\\n C\\non\\nfid\\nen\\ntia\\nl (\\nFR\\n)\\nA\\npr\\nil \\n28\\n, 2\\n00\\n5\\nC\\nla\\nss\\n II\\n F\\nO\\nM\\nC\\nSt\\naf\\nf P\\nro\\nje\\nct\\nio\\nns\\n o\\nf F\\ned\\ner\\nal\\n S\\nec\\nto\\nr \\nA\\ncc\\nou\\nnt\\ns a\\nnd\\n R\\nel\\nat\\ned\\n It\\nem\\ns\\n(B\\nill\\nio\\nns\\n o\\nf d\\nol\\nla\\nrs\\n e\\nxc\\nep\\nt a\\ns n\\not\\ned\\n)\\nFi\\nsc\\nal\\n y\\nea\\nr\\n20\\n04\\n20\\n05\\n20\\n06\\nIte\\nm\\n20\\n03\\na\\n20\\n04\\na\\n20\\n05\\n20\\n06\\nQ\\n1a\\nQ\\n2a\\nQ\\n3a\\nQ\\n4a\\nQ\\n1\\nQ\\n2\\nQ\\n3\\nQ\\n4\\nQ\\n1\\nQ\\n2\\nQ\\n3\\nQ\\n4\\nU\\nni\\nfie\\nd \\nbu\\ndg\\net\\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n N\\not\\n se\\nas\\non\\nal\\nly\\n a\\ndj\\nus\\nte\\nd\\nR\\nec\\nei\\npt\\ns1\\n17\\n82\\n18\\n80\\n20\\n85\\n22\\n17\\n  \\n41\\n0\\n55\\n0\\n47\\n9\\n48\\n7\\n45\\n2\\n62\\n9\\n51\\n8\\n52\\n3\\n47\\n0\\n67\\n2\\n55\\n1\\n53\\n8\\nO\\nut\\nla\\nys\\n1\\n21\\n59\\n22\\n93\\n24\\n56\\n25\\n89\\n  \\n58\\n1\\n57\\n6\\n56\\n5\\n60\\n5\\n62\\n8\\n60\\n9\\n61\\n3\\n63\\n5\\n66\\n8\\n64\\n7\\n63\\n8\\n66\\n2\\nSu\\nrp\\nlu\\ns\\/\\nde\\nfic\\nit1\\n-3\\n77\\n-4\\n13\\n-3\\n70\\n-3\\n72\\n  \\n-1\\n71\\n-2\\n6\\n-8\\n6\\n-1\\n18\\n-1\\n77\\n20\\n-9\\n6\\n-1\\n12\\n-1\\n98\\n24\\n-8\\n7\\n-1\\n25\\n   \\n O\\nn-\\nbu\\ndg\\net\\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n  \\n-5\\n38\\n-5\\n68\\n-5\\n36\\n-5\\n52\\n  \\n-1\\n94\\n-9\\n9\\n-9\\n6\\n-1\\n71\\n-2\\n02\\n-5\\n6\\n-1\\n07\\n-1\\n55\\n-2\\n36\\n-6\\n0\\n-1\\n01\\n-1\\n71\\n   \\n O\\nff\\n-b\\nud\\nge\\nt  \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n  \\n16\\n1\\n15\\n5\\n16\\n6\\n17\\n9\\n  \\n23\\n73\\n10\\n53\\n25\\n76\\n12\\n43\\n38\\n84\\n14\\n47\\nM\\nea\\nns\\n o\\nf f\\nin\\nan\\nci\\nng\\n   \\n B\\nor\\nro\\nw\\nin\\ng \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n \\n37\\n4\\n37\\n8\\n36\\n3\\n38\\n2\\n  \\n13\\n6\\n41\\n83\\n10\\n2\\n16\\n5\\n-1\\n7\\n11\\n3\\n99\\n18\\n2\\n5\\n95\\n11\\n5\\n   \\n C\\nas\\nh \\nde\\ncr\\nea\\nse\\n   \\n   \\n   \\n \\n26\\n-1\\n4\\n-3\\n  \\n12\\n-2\\n3\\n8\\n12\\n2\\n-1\\n4\\n4\\n7\\n15\\n-2\\n5\\n0\\n10\\n   \\n O\\nth\\ner\\n2\\n-2\\n2\\n36\\n4\\n-7\\n  \\n23\\n8\\n-6\\n4\\n10\\n11\\n-2\\n2\\n5\\n0\\n-4\\n-8\\n-0\\nC\\nas\\nh \\nop\\ner\\nat\\nin\\ng \\nba\\nla\\nnc\\ne,\\n   \\n   \\n  e\\nnd\\n o\\nf p\\ner\\nio\\nd \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n35\\n36\\n32\\n35\\n  \\n21\\n45\\n36\\n25\\n22\\n37\\n32\\n25\\n10\\n35\\n35\\n25\\nN\\nIP\\nA\\n fe\\nde\\nra\\nl s\\nec\\nto\\nr \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\nSe\\nas\\non\\nal\\nly\\n a\\ndj\\nus\\nte\\nd \\nan\\nnu\\nal\\n ra\\nte\\ns\\nR\\nec\\nei\\npt\\ns  \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n  \\n18\\n63\\n19\\n33\\n21\\n48\\n22\\n88\\n  \\n19\\n15\\n19\\n49\\n19\\n66\\n20\\n32\\n21\\n57\\n21\\n87\\n22\\n14\\n22\\n43\\n22\\n75\\n23\\n02\\n23\\n31\\n23\\n59\\nEx\\npe\\nnd\\nitu\\nre\\ns  \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n \\n22\\n09\\n23\\n14\\n24\\n56\\n26\\n27\\n  \\n23\\n06\\n23\\n29\\n23\\n41\\n23\\n89\\n24\\n54\\n24\\n75\\n25\\n05\\n25\\n37\\n26\\n36\\n26\\n53\\n26\\n84\\n27\\n03\\n   \\n C\\non\\nsu\\nm\\npt\\nio\\nn \\nex\\npe\\nnd\\nitu\\nre\\ns  \\n \\n64\\n6\\n69\\n4\\n74\\n0\\n78\\n5\\n  \\n69\\n1\\n70\\n0\\n71\\n3\\n71\\n4\\n73\\n7\\n75\\n1\\n76\\n1\\n76\\n7\\n78\\n5\\n79\\n1\\n79\\n7\\n80\\n4\\n   \\n   \\n  D\\nef\\nen\\nse\\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n42\\n5\\n46\\n9\\n50\\n6\\n54\\n2\\n  \\n46\\n5\\n47\\n4\\n48\\n7\\n48\\n4\\n50\\n1\\n51\\n5\\n52\\n3\\n52\\n9\\n54\\n1\\n54\\n6\\n55\\n2\\n55\\n8\\n   \\n   \\n  N\\non\\nde\\nfe\\nns\\ne \\n   \\n   \\n  \\n22\\n1\\n22\\n5\\n23\\n5\\n24\\n3\\n  \\n22\\n6\\n22\\n7\\n22\\n6\\n23\\n0\\n23\\n5\\n23\\n6\\n23\\n7\\n23\\n8\\n24\\n3\\n24\\n4\\n24\\n5\\n24\\n6\\n   \\n O\\nth\\ner\\n sp\\nen\\ndi\\nng\\n   \\n   \\n   \\n15\\n63\\n16\\n20\\n17\\n15\\n18\\n42\\n  \\n16\\n15\\n16\\n29\\n16\\n28\\n16\\n75\\n17\\n18\\n17\\n23\\n17\\n44\\n17\\n69\\n18\\n51\\n18\\n62\\n18\\n87\\n18\\n99\\nC\\nur\\nre\\nnt\\n a\\ncc\\nou\\nnt\\n su\\nrp\\nlu\\ns  \\n  \\n-3\\n45\\n-3\\n81\\n-3\\n08\\n-3\\n40\\n  \\n-3\\n91\\n-3\\n80\\n-3\\n75\\n-3\\n56\\n-2\\n97\\n-2\\n87\\n-2\\n90\\n-2\\n94\\n-3\\n60\\n-3\\n51\\n-3\\n53\\n-3\\n44\\nG\\nro\\nss\\n in\\nve\\nst\\nm\\nen\\nt  \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n92\\n10\\n2\\n11\\n1\\n11\\n8\\n  \\n10\\n2\\n10\\n4\\n10\\n4\\n11\\n1\\n10\\n5\\n11\\n2\\n11\\n5\\n11\\n6\\n11\\n7\\n11\\n8\\n12\\n0\\n12\\n1\\nG\\nro\\nss\\n sa\\nvi\\nng\\n le\\nss\\n g\\nro\\nss\\n   \\n   \\n  i\\nnv\\nes\\ntm\\nen\\nt3\\n-3\\n47\\n-3\\n91\\n-3\\n22\\n-3\\n56\\n  \\n-4\\n02\\n-3\\n91\\n-3\\n86\\n-3\\n73\\n-3\\n06\\n-3\\n02\\n-3\\n06\\n-3\\n10\\n-3\\n76\\n-3\\n67\\n-3\\n69\\n-3\\n60\\nFi\\nsc\\nal\\n in\\ndi\\nca\\nto\\nrs\\n4\\nH\\nig\\nh-\\nem\\npl\\noy\\nm\\nen\\nt (\\nH\\nEB\\n)\\n   \\n   \\n  s\\nur\\npl\\nus\\n\\/d\\nef\\nic\\nit\\n-2\\n75\\n-3\\n46\\n-2\\n83\\n-3\\n24\\n  \\n-3\\n60\\n-3\\n50\\n-3\\n45\\n-3\\n32\\n-2\\n65\\n-2\\n63\\n-2\\n70\\n-2\\n76\\n-3\\n45\\n-3\\n36\\n-3\\n39\\n-3\\n30\\nC\\nha\\nng\\ne \\nin\\n H\\nEB\\n, p\\ner\\nce\\nnt\\n   \\n   \\n  o\\nf p\\not\\nen\\ntia\\nl G\\nD\\nP \\n   \\n   \\n1.\\n2\\n0.\\n5\\n-0\\n.7\\n0.\\n2\\n  \\n0.\\n2\\n-0\\n.1\\n-0\\n.1\\n-0\\n.1\\n-0\\n.6\\n-0\\n.0\\n0.\\n0\\n0.\\n0\\n0.\\n5\\n-0\\n.1\\n-0\\n.0\\n-0\\n.1\\nFi\\nsc\\nal\\n im\\npe\\ntu\\ns (\\nFI\\n)\\n   \\n   \\n  p\\ner\\nce\\nnt\\n o\\nf G\\nD\\nP \\n   \\n \\n0.\\n9\\n0.\\n8\\n0.\\n4\\n0.\\n3\\n  \\n0.\\n2\\n0.\\n1\\n0.\\n1\\n0.\\n1\\n0.\\n0\\n0.\\n2\\n0.\\n1\\n0.\\n0\\n0.\\n1\\n0.\\n1\\n0.\\n1\\n0.\\n0\\n   \\n 1\\n. C\\nB\\nO\\n\'92s\\n M\\nar\\nch\\n 2\\n00\\n5 \\nba\\nse\\nlin\\ne \\nsu\\nrp\\nlu\\ns e\\nst\\nim\\nat\\nes\\n a\\nre\\n -$\\n41\\n2 \\nbi\\nlli\\non\\n in\\n F\\nY\\n 2\\n00\\n4,\\n -$\\n36\\n5 \\nbi\\nlli\\non\\n in\\n F\\nY\\n 2\\n00\\n5 \\nan\\nd \\n-$\\n29\\n8 \\nbi\\nlli\\non\\n in\\n F\\nY\\n 2\\n00\\n6.\\n B\\nud\\nge\\nt r\\nec\\nei\\npt\\ns, \\nou\\ntla\\nys\\n, a\\nnd\\n su\\nrp\\nlu\\ns\\/\\nde\\nfic\\nit \\nin\\ncl\\nud\\ne \\nco\\nrr\\nes\\npo\\nnd\\nin\\ng\\nso\\nci\\nal\\n se\\ncu\\nrit\\ny \\n(O\\nA\\nSD\\nI)\\n c\\nat\\neg\\nor\\nie\\ns. \\nTh\\ne \\nO\\nA\\nSD\\nI s\\nur\\npl\\nus\\n a\\nnd\\n th\\ne \\nPo\\nst\\nal\\n S\\ner\\nvi\\nce\\n su\\nrp\\nlu\\ns a\\nre\\n e\\nxc\\nlu\\nde\\nd \\nfr\\nom\\n th\\ne \\non\\n-b\\nud\\nge\\nt s\\nur\\npl\\nus\\n a\\nnd\\n sh\\now\\nn \\nse\\npa\\nra\\nte\\nly\\n a\\ns o\\nff\\n-b\\nud\\nge\\nt, \\nas\\n c\\nla\\nss\\nifi\\ned\\n u\\nnd\\ner\\n c\\nur\\nre\\nnt\\n la\\nw\\n.\\n   \\n 2\\n. O\\nth\\ner\\n m\\nea\\nns\\n o\\nf f\\nin\\nan\\nci\\nng\\n a\\nre\\n c\\nhe\\nck\\ns i\\nss\\nue\\nd \\nle\\nss\\n c\\nhe\\nck\\ns p\\nai\\nd,\\n a\\ncc\\nru\\ned\\n it\\nem\\ns, \\nan\\nd \\nch\\nan\\nge\\ns i\\nn \\not\\nhe\\nr f\\nin\\nan\\nci\\nal\\n a\\nss\\net\\ns a\\nnd\\n li\\nab\\nili\\ntie\\ns.\\n   \\n 3\\n. G\\nro\\nss\\n sa\\nvi\\nng\\n is\\n th\\ne \\ncu\\nrr\\nen\\nt a\\ncc\\nou\\nnt\\n su\\nrp\\nlu\\ns p\\nlu\\ns c\\non\\nsu\\nm\\npt\\nio\\nn \\nof\\n fi\\nxe\\nd \\nca\\npi\\nta\\nl o\\nf t\\nhe\\n g\\nen\\ner\\nal\\n g\\nov\\ner\\nnm\\nen\\nt a\\ns w\\nel\\nl a\\ns g\\nov\\ner\\nnm\\nen\\nt e\\nnt\\ner\\npr\\nis\\nes\\n.\\n   \\n 4\\n. H\\nEB\\n is\\n g\\nro\\nss\\n sa\\nvi\\nng\\n le\\nss\\n g\\nro\\nss\\n in\\nve\\nst\\nm\\nen\\nt (\\nN\\nIP\\nA\\n) o\\nf t\\nhe\\n fe\\nde\\nra\\nl g\\nov\\ner\\nnm\\nen\\nt i\\nn \\ncu\\nrr\\nen\\nt d\\nol\\nla\\nrs\\n, w\\nith\\n c\\nyc\\nlic\\nal\\nly\\n se\\nns\\niti\\nve\\n re\\nce\\nip\\nts\\n a\\nnd\\n o\\nut\\nla\\nys\\n a\\ndj\\nus\\nte\\nd \\nto\\n th\\ne \\nst\\naf\\nf\'92\\ns m\\nea\\nsu\\nre\\n o\\nf p\\not\\nen\\ntia\\nl o\\nut\\npu\\nt a\\nnd\\n th\\ne\\nN\\nA\\nIR\\nU\\n. Q\\nua\\nrte\\nrly\\n fi\\ngu\\nre\\ns f\\nor\\n c\\nha\\nng\\ne \\nin\\n H\\nEB\\n a\\nnd\\n F\\nI a\\nre\\n n\\not\\n a\\nt a\\nnn\\nua\\nl r\\nat\\nes\\n.  \\nTh\\ne \\nsi\\ngn\\n o\\nn \\nC\\nha\\nng\\ne \\nin\\n H\\nEB\\n, a\\ns a\\n p\\ner\\nce\\nnt\\n o\\nf n\\nom\\nin\\nal\\n p\\not\\nen\\ntia\\nl G\\nD\\nP,\\n is\\n re\\nve\\nrs\\ned\\n.  \\nFI\\n is\\n th\\ne \\nw\\nei\\ngh\\nte\\nd \\ndi\\nff\\ner\\nen\\nce\\n o\\nf d\\nis\\ncr\\net\\nio\\nna\\nry\\nch\\nan\\nge\\ns i\\nn \\nfe\\nde\\nra\\nl s\\npe\\nnd\\nin\\ng \\nan\\nd \\nta\\nxe\\ns i\\nn \\nch\\nai\\nne\\nd \\n(2\\n00\\n0)\\n d\\nol\\nla\\nrs\\n, s\\nca\\nle\\nd \\nby\\n re\\nal\\n G\\nD\\nP.\\n  T\\nhe\\n a\\nnn\\nua\\nl F\\nI e\\nst\\nim\\nat\\nes\\n a\\nre\\n o\\nn \\na \\nca\\nle\\nnd\\nar\\n y\\nea\\nr b\\nas\\nis\\n. A\\nls\\no,\\n fo\\nr F\\nI a\\nnd\\n th\\ne \\nch\\nan\\nge\\n in\\n H\\nEB\\n, p\\nos\\niti\\nve\\n v\\nal\\nue\\ns i\\nnd\\nic\\nat\\ne\\nag\\ngr\\neg\\nat\\ne \\nde\\nm\\nan\\nd \\nst\\nim\\nul\\nus\\n.\\n   \\n a\\n--\\nA\\nct\\nua\\nl\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-25\\nSt\\nri\\nct\\nly\\n C\\non\\nfid\\nen\\ntia\\nl (\\nFR\\n)\\nC\\nha\\nng\\ne \\nin\\n D\\neb\\nt o\\nf t\\nhe\\n D\\nom\\nes\\ntic\\n N\\non\\nfin\\nan\\nci\\nal\\n S\\nec\\nto\\nrs\\nA\\npr\\nil \\n28\\n, 2\\n00\\n5 \\nC\\nla\\nss\\n II\\n F\\nO\\nM\\nC\\n(P\\ner\\nce\\nnt\\n)\\nN\\non\\nfe\\nde\\nra\\nl\\nH\\nou\\nse\\nho\\nld\\ns\\nM\\nem\\no:\\nFe\\nde\\nra\\nl\\nH\\nom\\ne\\nC\\non\\nsu\\nm\\ner\\nSt\\nat\\ne \\nan\\nd \\nlo\\nca\\nl\\nN\\nom\\nin\\nal\\nPe\\nrio\\nd \\n1\\nTo\\nta\\nl\\ngo\\nve\\nrn\\nm\\nen\\nt\\nTo\\nta\\nl\\nTo\\nta\\nl\\nm\\nor\\ntg\\nag\\nes\\ncr\\ned\\nit\\nB\\nus\\nin\\nes\\ns\\ngo\\nve\\nrn\\nm\\nen\\nts\\nG\\nD\\nP\\nYe\\nar\\n19\\n99\\n6.\\n4\\n-1\\n.9\\n8.\\n9\\n8.\\n3\\n9.\\n2\\n7.\\n8\\n10\\n.7\\n3.\\n4\\n6.\\n3\\n20\\n00\\n4.\\n8\\n-8\\n.0\\n8.\\n3\\n8.\\n7\\n8.\\n3\\n10\\n.7\\n9.\\n4\\n1.\\n3\\n4.\\n6\\n20\\n01\\n6.\\n2\\n-0\\n.2\\n7.\\n6\\n8.\\n8\\n9.\\n6\\n8.\\n0\\n6.\\n1\\n8.\\n9\\n2.\\n7\\n20\\n02\\n6.\\n8\\n7.\\n6\\n6.\\n7\\n9.\\n6\\n11\\n.8\\n4.\\n4\\n2.\\n7\\n11\\n.1\\n3.\\n8\\n20\\n03\\n8.\\n1\\n10\\n.9\\n7.\\n5\\n10\\n.0\\n12\\n.4\\n4.\\n5\\n4.\\n3\\n8.\\n2\\n6.\\n2\\n20\\n04\\n8.\\n6\\n9.\\n0\\n8.\\n5\\n11\\n.0\\n13\\n.3\\n4.\\n9\\n5.\\n7\\n7.\\n4\\n6.\\n4\\n20\\n05\\n7.\\n4\\n8.\\n2\\n7.\\n2\\n8.\\n1\\n9.\\n3\\n4.\\n9\\n6.\\n4\\n5.\\n2\\n5.\\n8\\n20\\n06\\n6.\\n6\\n8.\\n4\\n6.\\n2\\n6.\\n9\\n7.\\n5\\n5.\\n2\\n6.\\n0\\n3.\\n0\\n5.\\n4\\nQ\\nua\\nrt\\ner\\n20\\n04\\n:1\\n9.\\n3\\n12\\n.0\\n8.\\n7\\n11\\n.8\\n13\\n.8\\n6.\\n3\\n4.\\n6\\n10\\n.3\\n7.\\n4\\n2\\n7.\\n4\\n10\\n.7\\n6.\\n7\\n9.\\n7\\n11\\n.5\\n2.\\n0\\n3.\\n7\\n3.\\n5\\n6.\\n6\\n3\\n8.\\n3\\n4.\\n8\\n9.\\n1\\n11\\n.5\\n14\\n.4\\n6.\\n3\\n5.\\n9\\n9.\\n4\\n5.\\n5\\n4\\n8.\\n3\\n7.\\n2\\n8.\\n5\\n9.\\n4\\n11\\n.2\\n4.\\n8\\n8.\\n0\\n5.\\n6\\n6.\\n2\\n20\\n05\\n:1\\n9.\\n4\\n13\\n.6\\n8.\\n4\\n8.\\n8\\n10\\n.3\\n3.\\n9\\n6.\\n9\\n13\\n.2\\n6.\\n5\\n2\\n6.\\n3\\n4.\\n7\\n6.\\n7\\n8.\\n3\\n9.\\n4\\n5.\\n3\\n5.\\n8\\n0.\\n9\\n6.\\n3\\n3\\n6.\\n7\\n7.\\n1\\n6.\\n6\\n7.\\n6\\n8.\\n5\\n5.\\n1\\n5.\\n9\\n3.\\n3\\n5.\\n0\\n4\\n6.\\n3\\n6.\\n4\\n6.\\n3\\n7.\\n0\\n7.\\n7\\n5.\\n1\\n6.\\n1\\n3.\\n1\\n5.\\n3\\n20\\n06\\n:1\\n7.\\n6\\n14\\n.1\\n6.\\n1\\n6.\\n8\\n7.\\n5\\n5.\\n1\\n5.\\n8\\n3.\\n1\\n5.\\n7\\n2\\n6.\\n1\\n6.\\n1\\n6.\\n1\\n6.\\n7\\n7.\\n3\\n5.\\n1\\n5.\\n8\\n3.\\n1\\n5.\\n3\\n3\\n5.\\n9\\n5.\\n1\\n6.\\n1\\n6.\\n6\\n7.\\n2\\n5.\\n1\\n6.\\n0\\n2.\\n8\\n5.\\n3\\n4\\n6.\\n2\\n7.\\n2\\n6.\\n0\\n6.\\n5\\n7.\\n1\\n5.\\n1\\n5.\\n9\\n2.\\n8\\n5.\\n3\\n   \\nN\\not\\ne.\\n Q\\nua\\nrte\\nrly\\n d\\nat\\na \\nar\\ne \\nat\\n se\\nas\\non\\nal\\nly\\n a\\ndj\\nus\\nte\\nd \\nan\\nnu\\nal\\n ra\\nte\\ns.\\n   \\n1.\\n D\\nat\\na \\naf\\nte\\nr 2\\n00\\n4:\\nQ\\n4 \\nar\\ne \\nst\\naf\\nf p\\nro\\nje\\nct\\nio\\nns\\n. C\\nha\\nng\\nes\\n a\\nre\\n m\\nea\\nsu\\nre\\nd \\nfr\\nom\\n e\\nnd\\n o\\nf t\\nhe\\n p\\nre\\nce\\ndi\\nng\\n p\\ner\\nio\\nd \\nto\\n e\\nnd\\n o\\nf p\\ner\\nio\\nd \\nin\\ndi\\nca\\nte\\nd \\nex\\nce\\npt\\n fo\\nr a\\nnn\\nua\\nl n\\nom\\nin\\nal\\n G\\nD\\nP \\ngr\\now\\nth\\n, w\\nhi\\nch\\nis\\n c\\nal\\ncu\\nla\\nte\\nd \\nfr\\nom\\n Q\\n4 \\nto\\n Q\\n4.\\n2.\\n6.\\n3 \\n F\\nO\\nF\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-26\\nSt\\nri\\nct\\nly\\n C\\non\\nfid\\nen\\ntia\\nl (\\nFR\\n)\\nFl\\now\\n o\\nf F\\nun\\nds\\n P\\nro\\nje\\nct\\nio\\nns\\n: H\\nig\\nhl\\nig\\nht\\ns\\nA\\npr\\nil \\n28\\n, 2\\n00\\n5 \\nC\\nla\\nss\\n II\\n F\\nO\\nM\\nC\\n(B\\nill\\nio\\nns\\n o\\nf d\\nol\\nla\\nrs\\n a\\nt s\\nea\\nso\\nna\\nlly\\n a\\ndj\\nus\\nte\\nd \\nan\\nnu\\nal\\n r\\nat\\nes\\n e\\nxc\\nep\\nt a\\ns n\\not\\ned\\n)\\n20\\n04\\n20\\n05\\n20\\n06\\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n C\\nat\\neg\\nor\\ny\\n20\\n03\\n20\\n04\\n20\\n05\\n20\\n06\\nQ\\n3 \\nQ\\n4 \\nQ\\n1 \\nQ\\n2 \\nQ\\n3 \\nQ\\n4 \\nQ\\n1 \\nQ\\n2 \\nQ\\n3 \\nQ\\n4 \\nN\\net\\n fu\\nnd\\ns r\\nai\\nse\\nd \\nby\\n d\\nom\\nes\\ntic\\nno\\nnf\\nin\\nan\\nci\\nal\\n se\\nct\\nor\\ns\\n  1\\n  T\\not\\nal\\n16\\n04\\n.0\\n17\\n05\\n.7\\n15\\n75\\n.7\\n16\\n00\\n.9\\n17\\n21\\n.2\\n15\\n70\\n.4\\n20\\n36\\n.5\\n13\\n37\\n.3\\n14\\n79\\n.9\\n14\\n49\\n.0\\n18\\n16\\n.6\\n14\\n99\\n.7\\n14\\n87\\n.3\\n16\\n00\\n.1\\n  2\\n   \\n  N\\net\\n e\\nqu\\nity\\n is\\nsu\\nan\\nce\\n-5\\n7.\\n8\\n-2\\n10\\n.0\\n-2\\n06\\n.0\\n-1\\n13\\n.0\\n-2\\n03\\n.2\\n-3\\n95\\n.2\\n-2\\n26\\n.0\\n-2\\n28\\n.0\\n-1\\n97\\n.0\\n-1\\n73\\n.0\\n-1\\n51\\n.0\\n-1\\n11\\n.0\\n-9\\n5.\\n0\\n-9\\n5.\\n0\\n  3\\n   \\n  N\\net\\n d\\neb\\nt i\\nss\\nua\\nnc\\ne\\n16\\n61\\n.7\\n19\\n15\\n.7\\n17\\n81\\n.7\\n17\\n13\\n.9\\n19\\n24\\n.4\\n19\\n65\\n.6\\n22\\n62\\n.5\\n15\\n65\\n.3\\n16\\n76\\n.9\\n16\\n22\\n.0\\n19\\n67\\n.6\\n16\\n10\\n.7\\n15\\n82\\n.3\\n16\\n95\\n.1\\nBo\\nrr\\now\\nin\\ng \\nse\\nct\\nor\\ns\\nN\\non\\nfin\\nan\\nci\\nal\\n b\\nus\\nin\\nes\\ns\\n  4\\n   \\n  F\\nin\\nan\\nci\\nng\\n g\\nap\\n 1\\n-1\\n4.\\n3\\n30\\n.5\\n-1\\n.9\\n12\\n1.\\n6\\n-2\\n8.\\n6\\n14\\n5.\\n1\\n87\\n.4\\n-5\\n0.\\n9\\n-3\\n6.\\n1\\n-8\\n.1\\n16\\n.8\\n13\\n0.\\n1\\n15\\n0.\\n3\\n18\\n9.\\n0\\n  5\\n   \\n  N\\net\\n e\\nqu\\nity\\n is\\nsu\\nan\\nce\\n-5\\n7.\\n8\\n-2\\n10\\n.0\\n-2\\n06\\n.0\\n-1\\n13\\n.0\\n-2\\n03\\n.2\\n-3\\n95\\n.2\\n-2\\n26\\n.0\\n-2\\n28\\n.0\\n-1\\n97\\n.0\\n-1\\n73\\n.0\\n-1\\n51\\n.0\\n-1\\n11\\n.0\\n-9\\n5.\\n0\\n-9\\n5.\\n0\\n  6\\n   \\n  C\\nre\\ndi\\nt m\\nar\\nke\\nt b\\nor\\nro\\nw\\nin\\ng\\n30\\n8.\\n6\\n42\\n0.\\n5\\n49\\n8.\\n6\\n50\\n2.\\n0\\n44\\n5.\\n6\\n61\\n8.\\n2\\n54\\n3.\\n8\\n46\\n6.\\n8\\n48\\n0.\\n1\\n50\\n3.\\n9\\n48\\n2.\\n2\\n49\\n4.\\n7\\n51\\n3.\\n5\\n51\\n7.\\n7\\nH\\nou\\nse\\nho\\nld\\ns\\n  7\\n   \\n  N\\net\\n b\\nor\\nro\\nw\\nin\\ng \\n2\\n83\\n9.\\n4\\n10\\n17\\n.9\\n83\\n6.\\n4\\n76\\n1.\\n8\\n11\\n20\\n.3\\n94\\n3.\\n4\\n89\\n8.\\n7\\n86\\n9.\\n6\\n81\\n4.\\n1\\n76\\n3.\\n3\\n76\\n0.\\n1\\n76\\n0.\\n5\\n76\\n3.\\n0\\n76\\n3.\\n5\\n  8\\n   \\n   \\n   \\nH\\nom\\ne \\nm\\nor\\ntg\\nag\\nes\\n73\\n3.\\n6\\n88\\n4.\\n9\\n69\\n9.\\n7\\n61\\n6.\\n8\\n10\\n17\\n.2\\n82\\n0.\\n1\\n78\\n0.\\n4\\n72\\n4.\\n3\\n67\\n2.\\n9\\n62\\n1.\\n5\\n61\\n6.\\n8\\n61\\n6.\\n8\\n61\\n6.\\n8\\n61\\n6.\\n8\\n  9\\n   \\n   \\n   \\nC\\non\\nsu\\nm\\ner\\n c\\nre\\ndi\\nt\\n88\\n.4\\n10\\n1.\\n3\\n10\\n6.\\n4\\n11\\n7.\\n8\\n13\\n2.\\n7\\n10\\n1.\\n3\\n84\\n.6\\n11\\n4.\\n8\\n11\\n2.\\n4\\n11\\n3.\\n8\\n11\\n6.\\n1\\n11\\n6.\\n6\\n11\\n9.\\n0\\n11\\n9.\\n5\\n10\\n   \\n  D\\neb\\nt\\/D\\nPI\\n (p\\ner\\nce\\nnt\\n) 3\\n10\\n7.\\n8\\n11\\n2.\\n9\\n11\\n7.\\n2\\n11\\n8.\\n2\\n11\\n4.\\n2\\n11\\n4.\\n2\\n11\\n6.\\n6\\n11\\n7.\\n1\\n11\\n7.\\n7\\n11\\n8.\\n1\\n11\\n7.\\n9\\n11\\n8.\\n1\\n11\\n8.\\n3\\n11\\n8.\\n6\\nSt\\nat\\ne \\nan\\nd \\nlo\\nca\\nl g\\nov\\ner\\nnm\\nen\\nts\\n11\\n   \\n  N\\net\\n b\\nor\\nro\\nw\\nin\\ng\\n11\\n7.\\n8\\n11\\n5.\\n4\\n86\\n.8\\n52\\n.8\\n15\\n1.\\n8\\n92\\n.0\\n22\\n0.\\n8\\n14\\n.8\\n57\\n.8\\n53\\n.8\\n54\\n.8\\n54\\n.8\\n50\\n.8\\n50\\n.8\\n12\\n   \\n  C\\nur\\nre\\nnt\\n su\\nrp\\nlu\\ns 4\\n17\\n6.\\n2\\n19\\n6.\\n0\\n18\\n1.\\n9\\n19\\n5.\\n6\\n19\\n8.\\n4\\n19\\n3.\\n8\\n18\\n3.\\n0\\n17\\n9.\\n8\\n18\\n0.\\n7\\n18\\n4.\\n0\\n19\\n3.\\n6\\n19\\n2.\\n9\\n19\\n6.\\n4\\n19\\n9.\\n4\\nFe\\nde\\nra\\nl g\\nov\\ner\\nnm\\nen\\nt\\n13\\n   \\n  N\\net\\n b\\nor\\nro\\nw\\nin\\ng\\n39\\n6.\\n0\\n36\\n1.\\n9\\n35\\n9.\\n8\\n39\\n7.\\n3\\n20\\n6.\\n7\\n31\\n2.\\n1\\n59\\n9.\\n2\\n21\\n4.\\n1\\n32\\n4.\\n8\\n30\\n1.\\n0\\n67\\n0.\\n5\\n30\\n0.\\n7\\n25\\n5.\\n0\\n36\\n3.\\n2\\n14\\n   \\n  N\\net\\n b\\nor\\nro\\nw\\nin\\ng \\n(n\\n.s.\\na.\\n)\\n39\\n6.\\n0\\n36\\n1.\\n9\\n35\\n9.\\n8\\n39\\n7.\\n3\\n83\\n.3\\n10\\n2.\\n1\\n16\\n4.\\n7\\n-1\\n7.\\n0\\n11\\n2.\\n8\\n99\\n.3\\n18\\n2.\\n5\\n4.\\n6\\n95\\n.4\\n11\\n4.\\n8\\n15\\n   \\n  U\\nni\\nfie\\nd \\nde\\nfic\\nit \\n(n\\n.s.\\na.\\n)\\n39\\n9.\\n1\\n40\\n0.\\n7\\n36\\n3.\\n8\\n38\\n5.\\n3\\n85\\n.7\\n11\\n8.\\n1\\n17\\n6.\\n6\\n-2\\n0.\\n1\\n95\\n.7\\n11\\n1.\\n7\\n19\\n7.\\n9\\n-2\\n4.\\n3\\n87\\n.0\\n12\\n4.\\n8\\nD\\nep\\nos\\nito\\nry\\n in\\nst\\nitu\\ntio\\nns\\n16\\n   \\nFu\\nnd\\ns s\\nup\\npl\\nie\\nd\\n47\\n6.\\n4\\n82\\n4.\\n0\\n63\\n1.\\n8\\n58\\n5.\\n5\\n42\\n4.\\n1\\n10\\n03\\n.2\\n11\\n99\\n.2\\n29\\n1.\\n7\\n51\\n4.\\n5\\n52\\n1.\\n8\\n66\\n8.\\n0\\n51\\n5.\\n0\\n61\\n4.\\n2\\n54\\n5.\\n0\\nM\\nem\\no \\n(p\\ner\\nce\\nnt\\nag\\ne \\nof\\n G\\nD\\nP)\\n17\\n   \\n  D\\nom\\nes\\ntic\\n n\\non\\nfin\\nan\\nci\\nal\\n d\\neb\\nt 5\\n19\\n4.\\n4\\n19\\n7.\\n8\\n20\\n1.\\n5\\n20\\n4.\\n5\\n19\\n8.\\n4\\n19\\n9.\\n5\\n20\\n0.\\n8\\n20\\n1.\\n6\\n20\\n2.\\n4\\n20\\n3.\\n0\\n20\\n3.\\n7\\n20\\n4.\\n5\\n20\\n4.\\n9\\n20\\n5.\\n4\\n18\\n   \\n  D\\nom\\nes\\ntic\\n n\\non\\nfin\\nan\\nci\\nal\\n b\\nor\\nro\\nw\\nin\\ng\\n15\\n.1\\n16\\n.3\\n14\\n.3\\n13\\n.1\\n16\\n.3\\n16\\n.4\\n18\\n.6\\n12\\n.7\\n13\\n.4\\n12\\n.8\\n15\\n.3\\n12\\n.4\\n12\\n.0\\n12\\n.7\\n19\\n   \\n   \\n   \\nFe\\nde\\nra\\nl g\\nov\\ner\\nnm\\nen\\nt 6\\n3.\\n6\\n3.\\n1\\n2.\\n9\\n3.\\n0\\n1.\\n7\\n2.\\n6\\n4.\\n9\\n1.\\n7\\n2.\\n6\\n2.\\n4\\n5.\\n2\\n2.\\n3\\n1.\\n9\\n2.\\n7\\n20\\n   \\n   \\n   \\nN\\non\\nfe\\nde\\nra\\nl\\n11\\n.5\\n13\\n.2\\n11\\n.4\\n10\\n.0\\n14\\n.5\\n13\\n.8\\n13\\n.7\\n10\\n.9\\n10\\n.8\\n10\\n.4\\n10\\n.1\\n10\\n.1\\n10\\n.1\\n10\\n.0\\n   \\nN\\not\\ne.\\n D\\nat\\na \\naf\\nte\\nr 2\\n00\\n4:\\nQ\\n4 \\nar\\ne \\nst\\naf\\nf p\\nro\\nje\\nct\\nio\\nns\\n.\\n   \\n   \\n   \\n  4\\n. N\\nIP\\nA\\n st\\nat\\ne \\nan\\nd \\nlo\\nca\\nl g\\nov\\ner\\nnm\\nen\\nt s\\nav\\nin\\ng \\npl\\nus\\n c\\non\\nsu\\nm\\npt\\nio\\nn \\nof\\n fi\\nxe\\nd \\nca\\npi\\nta\\nl a\\nnd\\n n\\net\\n c\\nap\\nita\\nl t\\nra\\nns\\nfe\\nrs\\n.\\n   \\n1.\\n F\\nor\\n c\\nor\\npo\\nra\\ntio\\nns\\n: E\\nxc\\nes\\ns o\\nf c\\nap\\nita\\nl e\\nxp\\nen\\ndi\\ntu\\nre\\ns o\\nve\\nr U\\n.S\\n. i\\nnt\\ner\\nna\\nl f\\nun\\nds\\n.  \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n5.\\n A\\nve\\nra\\nge\\n d\\neb\\nt l\\nev\\nel\\ns i\\nn \\nth\\ne \\npe\\nrio\\nd \\n(c\\nom\\npu\\nte\\nd \\nas\\n th\\ne \\nav\\ner\\nag\\ne \\nof\\n p\\ner\\nio\\nd-\\nen\\nd \\nde\\nbt\\n p\\nos\\niti\\non\\ns)\\n d\\niv\\nid\\ned\\n b\\ny \\nno\\nm\\nin\\nal\\n G\\nD\\nP.\\n   \\n2.\\n In\\ncl\\nud\\nes\\n c\\nha\\nng\\ne \\nin\\n li\\nab\\nili\\ntie\\ns n\\not\\n sh\\now\\nn \\nin\\n li\\nne\\ns 8\\n a\\nnd\\n 9\\n.\\n   \\n   \\n6.\\n E\\nxc\\nlu\\nde\\ns g\\nov\\ner\\nnm\\nen\\nt-i\\nns\\nur\\ned\\n m\\nor\\ntg\\nag\\ne \\npo\\nol\\n se\\ncu\\nrit\\nie\\ns.\\n   \\n3.\\n A\\nve\\nra\\nge\\n d\\neb\\nt l\\nev\\nel\\ns i\\nn \\nth\\ne \\npe\\nrio\\nd \\n(c\\nom\\npu\\nte\\nd \\nas\\n th\\ne \\nav\\ner\\nag\\ne \\nof\\n p\\ner\\nio\\nd-\\nen\\nd \\nde\\nbt\\n p\\nos\\niti\\non\\ns)\\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n   \\n  n\\n.s.\\na.\\n  N\\not\\n se\\nas\\non\\nal\\nly\\n a\\ndj\\nus\\nte\\nd.\\ndi\\nvi\\nde\\nd \\nby\\n d\\nis\\npo\\nsa\\nbl\\ne \\npe\\nrs\\non\\nal\\n in\\nco\\nm\\ne.\\n2.\\n6.\\n4 \\n F\\nO\\nF\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nInternational Developments \\nDespite some diversity of performance across our trading partners, recent data suggest \\nthat foreign economic growth averaged 3 percent at an annual rate in the first quarter, \\nabout the same as in the fourth quarter.  We expect foreign growth to strengthen to nearly \\n3\'bd percent in the current quarter and to roughly maintain that rate for the rest of the year.  \\nOur outlook for aggregate foreign output is little changed from the March Greenbook \\nprojection.  However, we have nudged down projected growth in the foreign industrial \\ncountries in response to some weakness in recent indicators, an upwardly revised path for \\noil prices, and the somewhat softer outlook for U.S. GDP.  Offsetting this is a more \\nbuoyant outlook for the emerging economies this year, driven chiefly by surprisingly \\nstrong growth in China.  After dipping in the first quarter, foreign CPI inflation is \\nexpected to rise to 2\'bd percent in the current quarter, in part because of increases in the \\nprices of oil and other commodities, and remain at about that rate thereafter.  \\n \\nSummary of Staff Projections \\n(Percent change from end of previous period, s.a.a.r.) \\n2004 Projection \\n2005 Indicator \\nH1 H2 \\nQ1 Q2 H2 \\n2006 \\nForeign output 4.2 2.9 3.0 3.4 3.5 3.3 \\n March GB 4.1 2.9 3.0 3.3 3.4 3.4 \\nForeign CPI 2.8 2.7 1.2 2.6 2.6 2.4 \\n March GB 2.9 2.6 1.1 2.5 2.3 2.3 \\n Note.  Changes for years are measured as Q4\\/Q4; for half-years, Q2\\/Q4 or Q4\\/Q2. \\n \\nThe spot price of West Texas intermediate (WTI) crude oil reached a new high in early \\nApril but, in volatile trading, has since fallen below $52 per barrel.  Over the intermeeting \\nperiod, the spot price of WTI declined more than $2 per barrel on balance, but prices of \\nfutures contracts for delivery next year and beyond moved noticeably higher.  In addition, \\nfutures quotes indicate that the price of WTI will move up somewhat from its current \\nlevel before retracing a bit next year.  Prices of non-fuel primary commodities have \\nfirmed in recent weeks, led mainly by higher prices for some industrial metals.  Based on \\nspot and futures markets, non-fuel commodity prices are projected to increase a bit \\nfurther in the current quarter and to remain flat over the rest of the forecast period. \\n \\nThe dollar appreciated against the major foreign currencies over the intermeeting period, \\nand much of the move came soon after the March FOMC meeting.  We have revised \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-28 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\nupward the starting point for our projection of the broad real dollar by nearly 2 percent.  \\nThereafter, the dollar depreciates in real terms at an annual rate of roughly 1\'bd percent, a \\nrate about unchanged from that in the previous Greenbook. \\n \\nWe estimate that real net exports subtracted 1\'bc percentage point from U.S. real GDP \\ngrowth in the first quarter.  This subtraction is substantially larger than previously \\nprojected and reflects a surprisingly large trade deficit in February.  A projected drop in \\noil imports should lower import growth considerably in the current quarter, which, along \\nwith a modest acceleration of exports, results in a positive contribution to real GDP of \\nabout \'bd percentage point.  The contribution then moves back into negative territory and \\naverages around minus \'bc percentage point over the remainder of the forecast period.  The \\ncurrent account deficit is projected to widen to about $900 billion, or about 6\'be percent of \\nGDP, by the end of 2006.  This projection is little changed from that in the previous \\nGreenbook, as a somewhat wider trade deficit is largely offset by stronger net investment \\nincome. \\n \\nOil Prices  \\nThe spot price of WTI soared to a new high of more than $57 per barrel in early April.  \\nSince then, spot WTI has retreated as U.S. crude oil inventories have moved above \\naverage levels for this time of year and, amidst considerable volatility, closed at \\n$51.62 per barrel on April 27.  Futures quotes call for the spot price of WTI to rise \\nthrough this year, as market participants expect demand to pick up later this year; futures \\nprices for 2006 tilt down to $52.70 per barrel by year end.  Compared with the March \\nGreenbook, this projection for WTI is about $0.70 per barrel higher in the fourth quarter \\nof this year and $3.20 per barrel higher in the fourth quarter of 2006.  Our projection for \\nthe price of imported oil shows a similar pattern, rising through this year and remaining \\nabout flat thereafter; it has been revised up nearly $1 per barrel in the fourth quarter of \\nthis year and almost $2 per barrel in the fourth quarter of next year. \\n \\nAlthough worldwide growth in the demand for oil appears to have moderated recently, \\ndemand remains strong and continues to put upward pressure on oil prices, particularly \\ngiven OPEC\'92s relatively low spare production capacity.  Concerns about the security of \\nsupply in a number of countries have also contributed to higher prices.  Most recently, \\nbusiness conditions in Russia and Venezuela have deteriorated further, thereby worsening \\nthe outlook for the expansion of oil production.  Unlike the spike in oil prices last \\nOctober, which in large part reflected a higher premium for light, sweet varieties of crude \\noil, the recent rise has been more broadly based.  In addition, the elevated level of oil \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nInternational Developments I-29 \\nprices is expected to show greater persistence; the price of the far-dated futures contract \\n(for delivery in December 2011) currently stands at $47.60 per barrel, up $11 per barrel \\nsince the beginning of the year. \\n \\nInternational Financial Markets \\nThe trade-weighted exchange value of the dollar against the major foreign currencies rose \\n2\'bc percent on balance over the intermeeting period.  On net, the dollar appreciated more \\nthan 4 percent against the Canadian dollar and about 2 percent against the euro but less \\nthan 1 percent against the yen and depreciated slightly against sterling. \\n \\nFollowing the March FOMC meeting, the dollar appreciated broadly, and interest rate \\ndifferentials widened in favor of the dollar.  Market participants generally interpreted the \\nCommittee\'92s statement as signaling heightened concerns over inflation and the possibility \\nof more policy tightening than had been anticipated.  Disappointing economic data in \\nseveral industrial countries, along with heightened political uncertainty in Canada, also \\nsupported the dollar.  In April, weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data led to an \\nunwinding of the earlier increases in interest rate spreads along with some depreciation of \\nthe dollar.  The dollar declined against sterling following the release of the minutes of the \\nApril 7 meeting of the Bank of England\'92s Monetary Policy Committee, which revealed \\nthat two of the nine members had voted for policy tightening.  Against the currencies of \\nour other important trading partners, the dollar was little changed on balance over the \\nintermeeting period; depreciations against the Mexican peso and the Brazilian real were \\noffset by appreciations against the currencies of several Asian economies. \\n \\nOn the basis of these intermeeting developments and on some appreciation of the dollar \\nbetween the completion of the March Greenbook and the March FOMC meeting, we \\nhave raised the projected value of the broad real dollar in the second quarter by nearly \\n2 percent.  We project that the broad real dollar will depreciate over the remainder of the \\nforecast period at an annual rate of roughly 1\'bd percent, the same rate as in the March \\nGreenbook.  Our projection for real dollar depreciation, as in past Greenbooks, is \\npredicated on the view that investor concerns about the financing burden of the large and \\ngrowing U.S. current account deficit will exert downward pressure on the dollar. \\n \\nThree-month interest rates in the foreign industrial countries changed little on net.  \\nMedium- and long-term nominal yields rose early in the intermeeting period (though not \\nas much as yields on comparable U.S. Treasuries), but subsequently declined in reaction \\nto weaker-than-expected economic data.  On balance, yields on European ten-year \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-30 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\ngovernment bonds dropped about 30 basis points, the Canadian benchmark yield fell \\n25 basis points, and the yield on the ten-year JGB declined more than 15 basis points.  \\nHeadline equity indexes dropped 7 percent in Japan and about 3\'bd percent in other \\nforeign industrial countries as investors reacted to mixed earnings reports.  Share prices \\nin the emerging markets of Latin America and East Asia tumbled 4 to 10 percent.  Yield \\nspreads over Treasuries of most emerging market sovereign debt rose slightly on balance \\nover the intermeeting period. \\n \\n  The Desk did not intervene during the period for \\nthe accounts of the System or the Treasury. \\n \\nForeign Industrial Countries \\nWe estimate that GDP growth in the foreign industrial countries rose from an annual rate \\nof 1\'bd percent in the fourth quarter to 2 percent in the first quarter.  In several countries, \\nincoming data for January were quite strong, but more recent indicators have suggested \\nsome sluggishness.  These developments, along with the downward revision to U.S. \\ngrowth and the higher path of oil prices, have led us to mark down slightly our growth \\noutlook for the remainder of the year.  We expect the average pace of expansion to edge \\nup to roughly 2\'bd percent in the second half of this year and remain there in 2006.  \\nTwelve-month headline inflation in the foreign industrial countries is projected to remain \\nnear 1\'bd percent over the forecast period. \\n \\nIn Japan, we estimate that first-quarter GDP growth rose to just above 1\'bd percent at an \\nannual rate, as industrial production and household spending rose briskly on average.  We \\nexpect growth in the second quarter to be slightly weaker, as recent indicators of \\nconsumption have suggested some softness.  Growth is then expected to firm a bit by the \\nend of the forecast period, as improving labor market conditions help support household \\ndemand and growing private investment offsets lower public investment.  Twelve-month \\nCPI inflation is projected to turn positive on a sustained basis in 2006, and we have \\npenciled in a slight rise in short-term market interest rates in the second half of that year, \\nwhen we assume that the Bank of Japan will begin its exit from quantitative easing. \\n \\nIn the euro area, we estimate that growth moved up to about 1\'bd percent in the first \\nquarter, and we see growth continuing at this pace for the rest of the year.  Recent \\nindicators point to positive but sluggish growth in Germany and Italy but show continued \\nmoderate expansion in France and Spain.  Strong corporate balance sheets should help \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nInternational Developments I-31 \\neuro-area investment to recover somewhat, and the pace of euro-area growth is projected \\nto edge up next year.  We project twelve-month inflation to be below 2 percent over the \\nforecast period.1  We assume that the European Central Bank will not change its policy \\nrates over the forecast period, despite pronouncements from the ECB that rates need to be \\nraised to more-neutral levels. \\n \\nFirst-quarter GDP in the United Kingdom rose at an annual rate of 2.2 percent according \\nto the preliminary estimate.  The service sector continued to expand at a brisk pace, and \\nindustrial production contracted further.  We project that house price inflation will remain \\nsubdued and that GDP growth will inch up to just over 2\'bd percent for the rest of this \\nyear, before softening slightly in 2006 as fiscal policy becomes more contractionary.  The \\nBank of England is assumed to raise rates another 25 basis points in coming months.  We \\nproject that inflation will remain around the target rate of 2 percent. \\n \\nIn Canada, we estimate that output grew 2\'bd percent in the first quarter.  Continued strong \\ngrowth in final domestic demand more than offset a slowdown in inventory accumulation \\nand weakness in the external sector stemming from an appreciated Canadian dollar.  We \\nproject that waning negative contributions from net trade and inventories will bring \\ngrowth up to around 3\'bd percent early next year.  We assume a further 100 basis points of \\nmonetary policy tightening over the forecast period starting in the second half of this \\nyear.  This stance appears consistent with keeping inflation around the 2 percent midpoint \\nof the Bank of Canada\'92s inflation target range. \\n \\nOther Countries \\nAfter rising 5\'bd percent last year, we expect real GDP in the emerging market economies, \\non average, to rise 5 percent this year and 4\'bd percent in 2006.  This year\'92s moderation in \\ngrowth largely reflects the effects of tighter monetary policy in some Latin American \\ncountries aimed at curbing inflationary pressures.  Growth in emerging Asia is projected \\nto remain robust this year but to ease back next year as China\'92s expansion cools to a more \\nsustainable pace.  With the exception of the first quarter, we have marked up our outlook \\nfor growth in the emerging market economies this year from that in the March \\nGreenbook, largely because of an upward revision for China.  For 2006, we have slightly \\ntempered the growth outlook. \\n \\n                                                 \\n1 In 2006, euro-area inflation will be depressed 0.2 percentage point by a change in the measurement of \\nDutch inflation.  Insurance premiums for basic healthcare services in the Netherlands will be re-classified \\nas social insurance expenditures, and the prices for those services in the Dutch CPI will be set to zero. \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-32 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\nIn emerging Asia, we estimate that real GDP grew at an annual rate of 4\'be percent in the \\nfirst quarter, down from the fourth-quarter pace and a touch weaker than projected in the \\nMarch Greenbook.  In China, real GDP surprised on the upside, rising an estimated \\n14 percent at an annual rate on robust exports and investment.  We project Chinese \\ngrowth to continue at a double-digit pace through the third quarter of this year before \\nsettling back to about 7\'bd percent, as authorities are expected to take further measures to \\nslow investment.  The roaring Chinese economy is also expected to lift activity this year \\nin the rest of developing Asia, particularly Hong Kong and Taiwan. \\n \\nElsewhere in emerging Asia, growth in the first quarter, on average, is estimated to be \\nsomewhat weaker than projected in the March Greenbook.  The downward revision in \\nlarge part reflects a preliminary 6 percent decline in Singapore\'92s GDP as a result of \\nmaintenance-related shutdowns in the biomedical sector.  Output in that economy is \\nexpected to bounce back in the current quarter.  Real GDP growth also is estimated to \\nhave been weak in India in the first quarter as a result of poor performance in the \\nagricultural sector, but activity should pick up later this year in response to what is \\nexpected to be a favorable monsoon season.  In Korea, consumption is projected to \\ncontinue to strengthen over the forecast period as consumer debt burdens slowly lessen.  \\nFor emerging Asia as a whole, growth is projected to decline from 5\'be percent this year to \\nabout 5 percent next year, largely because of the projected slowing in China. \\n \\nIn Latin America, we estimate that real GDP grew at a 4 percent annual rate in the first \\nquarter, after growth of 5\'bd percent in the fourth quarter.  The slowdown in large part \\nreflects diminished growth in Mexico, where activity appears to be responding to the \\ntightening of monetary policy over the past year.  Our projection that growth in Latin \\nAmerica will continue to average about 4 percent this year and next reflects continued \\ntight monetary policy in Mexico and Brazil and somewhat less robust U.S. growth. \\n \\nConsumer price inflation in emerging market economies is expected to decline from \\nabout 4 percent in 2004 to about 3\'bd percent this year as the tighter policy in Latin \\nAmerica brings average inflation in that region down from 5\'bd percent last year to about \\n4\'bc percent.  Inflation in developing Asia is projected to remain near 3 percent over the \\nforecast period. \\n \\nPrices of Internationally Traded Goods \\nAccording to the advance NIPA data released this morning, core import prices rose at an \\nannual rate of 4\'be percent in the first quarter.  Within core imports, all major categories of \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nInternational Developments I-33 \\ngoods, with the exception of automotive products, registered substantial price gains.  The \\nrise was a bit larger than we anticipated in the March Greenbook and was somewhat \\nstronger than movements in the dollar, foreign prices, and commodity prices would \\nsuggest.  In the fourth quarter, however, core import prices rose less than these factors \\nwould predict.  Smoothing through these fluctuations, recent changes in core import \\nprices appear to be in line with the historical relationships that underpin our projections. \\n \\nStaff Projections of Selected Trade Prices \\n(Percent change from end of previous period excepted as noted, s.a.a.r.) \\nIndicator 2004 Projection \\n2005 \\n H1 H2 \\nQ1 Q2 H2 \\n2006 \\nExports       \\n Core goods 6.9 3.4 6.0 4.5 2.7 2.7 \\n  March GB 6.9 3.4 5.4 3.8 2.1 2.2 \\nImports       \\n Non-oil core goods 5.2 3.3 4.7 3.0 2.3 .7 \\n  March GB 5.2 3.2 4.4 2.2 2.2 .6 \\n Oil (dollars per barrel)  34.55 40.91 39.87 43.20 46.90 46.86 \\n  March GB 34.55 40.91 40.28 45.59 45.99 44.97 \\n Note.  Prices for core exports and non-oil core imports, which exclude computers and \\nsemiconductors, are on a NIPA chain-weighted basis. \\n The price of imported oil for multiquarter periods is the price for the final quarter of the \\nperiod. \\n \\nWe project that core import price inflation will moderate to 3 percent in the current \\nquarter.  The step-down from the first quarter is largely a reflection of the recent \\nappreciation of the dollar.  Nevertheless, we have marked up our projection for core \\nimport price inflation in the current quarter \'be percentage point from the March \\nGreenbook to reflect a noticeable rise in primary commodity prices.  In the second half of \\nthe year, core import price inflation should remain near 2\'bc percent as the effects of \\nrecent increases in commodity prices persist.  In 2006, with futures quotes calling for flat \\ncommodity prices and with only modest changes projected for the dollar, core import \\nprice inflation drops below 1 percent. \\n \\nWe have maintained our assumption that the expiration of the multifiber arrangement at \\nthe end of last year will have only a small effect on core import prices over the forecast \\nperiod.  Uncertainty about protectionist measures, including the possibilities of U.S. trade \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-34 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\nactions as well as of additional taxes levied by China on its apparel exports, will likely \\nslow the downward adjustment of imported apparel prices.  Nonetheless, there is a risk \\nthat these prices could fall more quickly than we anticipate. \\n \\nCore export prices rose an estimated 6 percent at an annual rate in the first quarter after a \\n5 percent rise in the fourth quarter.  The continued strength in prices of exported core \\ngoods primarily reflects higher prices for materials and other industrial supplies.  In the \\ncurrent quarter, we project that core export prices will increase 4\'bd percent.  For the rest \\nof 2005 and 2006, core export price inflation is projected to average close to 2\'be percent \\nas producer prices for materials decelerate. \\n \\nTrade in Goods and Services  \\nIn February, nominal imports of goods and services rose sharply, boosted by large \\nincreases in imports of oil and consumer goods.  The import gain in February was larger \\nthan had been expected.  As a consequence, and consistent with the rapid increase \\nindicated by this morning\'92s advance NIPA report, we have raised our estimate of growth \\nof real imports in the first quarter to 13\'be percent, more than 4 percentage points higher \\nthan in the March Greenbook.  We estimate that imports of core goods rose 18 percent at \\nan annual rate, well above what would be consistent with the evolution of U.S. activity \\nand the dollar.  No special factors appear to explain this strength. \\n  \\nIn the current quarter we expect the growth of real imports to slow dramatically to around \\n1\'bc percent.  This deceleration results in part from a projected steep drop in the volume of \\noil imports, which in turn is due largely to a quirky seasonal pattern in the data.  In \\naddition, after two very strong quarters, core import growth steps down to a pace more in \\nline with the projected path of relative prices and U.S. GDP.  The slowing of U.S. growth \\nfrom last year and higher import prices weigh on core imports as well.  The growth of \\nimported services also is projected to slow after a strong first quarter, despite some \\nreduced drag from the previous depreciation of the dollar.  In contrast to core goods and \\nservices, imports of computers and semiconductors are expected to pick up, following a \\nlackluster first quarter. \\n \\nIn the second half of 2005 and in 2006, real import growth is projected to average about \\n6\'bd percent at an annual rate as imports of oil bounce back and other categories maintain \\ntheir pace of expansion.  Amidst steady support from U.S. GDP growth, imports of core \\ngoods accelerate, as the restraint exerted by import prices wanes.  Imports of computers \\nand semiconductors are projected to rise steadily, whereas growth of imported services \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nInternational Developments I-35 \\neases.  Compared with the March Greenbook, our projection for overall real import \\ngrowth (excluding the first quarter) is a bit weaker on average; notwithstanding the \\nstronger dollar, we have marked down the projected path of imported core goods in \\nresponse to lower U.S. GDP growth and somewhat higher core import prices. \\n \\nSummary of Staff Projections \\nfor Trade in Goods and Services \\n(Percent change from end of previous period, s.a.a.r.) \\n2004 Projection \\n2005 Indicator \\nH1 H2 \\nQ1 Q2 H2 \\n2006 \\nReal exports 7.3 4.6 7.9 8.2 8.5 6.7 \\n March GB 7.3 4.6 7.9 8.8 9.1 7.5 \\nReal imports 11.6 7.9 13.7 1.2 6.9 6.4 \\n March GB 11.6 7.7 9.3 1.9 6.9 6.8 \\nNote.  Changes for years are measured as Q4\\/Q4; for half-years, Q2\\/Q4 or Q4\\/Q2. \\n \\nIn February, nominal exports were unchanged for the second consecutive month.  Exports \\nof services, computers, and semiconductors came in below our expectations, whereas \\nexports of core goods were somewhat stronger.  We estimate that real exports of goods \\nand services rose at an annual rate of 8 percent in the first quarter, the same as projected \\nin the March Greenbook.  Real exports of services increased only marginally in the first \\nquarter, much less than movements in foreign income and relative prices would have \\nsuggested.  Moreover, real exports of semiconductors appear to have decreased for the \\nfourth consecutive quarter.  In contrast, real exports of core goods look to have been a \\ngood bit stronger than previously projected; we now estimate that exports of core goods \\nrose 11\'bc percent in the first quarter, up sharply from the fourth quarter\'92s anemic pace.  In \\nthe current quarter, we expect overall exports to rise 8\'bc percent as services exports \\nrecover, exports of semiconductors resume growth, and sales of core goods declerate.  \\nThis projection is \'bd percentage point weaker than in the March Greenbook and reflects \\nthe effects of the recent strengthening of the dollar on core goods and services. \\n \\nIn the second half of 2005, export growth is projected to maintain a solid pace, as exports \\nof core goods and services continue to be supported by ongoing foreign growth and the \\nstimulus from previous dollar depreciation.  In 2006, we expect real export growth to \\nslow to 6\'be percent as the positive effect of previous dollar depreciation on core goods \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nI-36 Part I: Summary and Outlook, April 28, 2005 \\nand services wanes.  Exports of computers and semiconductors are projected to rise \\nthroughout the forecast period, as global high-tech demand is expected to firm.  Our \\nprojection for exports in the second half of 2005 and in 2006 is a bit lower than in the \\nMarch Greenbook, as we have moderated the expected growth rate of core goods and \\nservices in response to the recent appreciation of the dollar. \\n \\nAlternative Simulations \\nIn our first alternative simulation, we used the FRB\\/Global model to assess the possibility \\nthat foreign activity will expand more briskly than we anticipate.  In particular, we \\nconsider the effects of an autonomous increase in foreign demand that boosts spending by \\n2 percent of GDP in developing Asia and 1 percent of GDP in the other foreign \\neconomies.  The larger shock to developing Asia is intended to capture the possibility of \\na rebound in investment rates which, except in China, have remained depressed since the \\n1997-98 financial crisis.  We also considered a simulation in which stronger foreign \\ndemand is accompanied by a rise in the energy intensity of activity in developing Asia, \\nimplying much stronger pressure on global oil supplies.  This represents a plausible risk, \\nconsidering that energy usage in some developing Asian economies has risen sharply in \\nrecent years, even in the face of soaring oil prices. \\n \\nIn the first scenario, the rise in foreign demand stimulates U.S. real net exports directly \\nthrough higher foreign demand for U.S.-produced goods and indirectly through a modest \\ndepreciation of the dollar.  As a result, U.S. GDP growth rises 0.3 percentage point \\nrelative to baseline in the second half of this year and about 0.4 percentage point in 2006.  \\nCore PCE inflation increases \'bc percentage point above baseline in 2006.  The increase in \\nthe core PCE price index reflects several factors:  a rise in import prices due to dollar \\ndepreciation, the effects of higher aggregate demand on domestic prices, and an increase \\nin oil prices (not shown) of more than $5 per barrel above baseline by end-2006 \\nassociated with stronger world activity.  Although the trade balance initially shows little \\nresponse to the shock due to J-curve effects, it improves by 0.1 percentage point of GDP \\nin the second half of 2006 relative to baseline (and improves by a considerably larger \\nmagnitude at longer horizons). \\n \\nIn the second scenario, in which the foreign demand shock is accompanied by an \\nadditional shock to oil demand in developing Asia, oil prices rise roughly $15 per barrel \\nabove baseline by the end of 2006.  The increase in oil prices is not permanent, as \\nadjustments in demand and supply eventually bring oil prices back to baseline.  U.S. \\nGDP growth rises a bit less than in the first scenario, as the boost coming from foreign \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nInternational Developments I-37 \\ndemand is offset by higher oil prices.  Core PCE inflation is slightly higher than in the \\nfirst scenario by the end of the forecast period.  Beyond our projection period, however, \\nthe combined shocks put noticeably more upward pressure on core PCE prices; with the \\nnominal federal funds rate unchanged, the higher energy prices slowly feed through to \\ninflation expectations and wages.  The shocks induce the trade balance to deteriorate \\nrelative to baseline over the remainder of the forecast period, as the effects of higher oil \\nprices show through more quickly than the pickup in foreign demand; over somewhat \\nlonger periods, the latter effect dominates, and the trade balance shows a slight \\nimprovement relative to baseline. \\n \\nAlternative Simulations: \\nStronger Foreign Aggregate Demand \\nand Higher Oil Demand  \\n(Percent change from previous period, annual rate, except as noted) \\n2005 2006 \\nIndicator and simulation \\nH1 H2 H1 H2 \\nU.S. real GDP     \\nBaseline 3.4 3.7 3.5 3.5 \\nStronger foreign aggregate demand 3.5 4.0 3.9 3.9 \\n With additional shock to oil demand 3.5 3.9 3.9 3.8 \\nU.S. PCE prices \\nexcluding food and energy     \\nBaseline 2.1 1.8 1.8 1.7 \\nStronger foreign aggregate demand 2.1 1.9 2.0 2.0 \\n With additional shock to oil demand 2.1 1.9 2.0 2.1 \\nU.S. trade balance \\n(percent share of GDP)     \\nBaseline -5.8 -5.9 -5.9 -5.8 \\nStronger foreign aggregate demand -5.8 -5.9 -5.9 -5.7 \\n With additional shock to oil demand -5.9 -6.1 -6.1 -5.9 \\n Note.  H1 is Q2\\/Q4; H2 is Q4\\/Q2.  In these simulations, the nominal federal \\nfunds rate remains unchanged from baseline, and the monetary authorities in \\nmajor foreign economies adjust their policy rates according to a Taylor rule. \\n \\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\nt\\nr\\ni\\nc\\nt\\nl\\ny\\n \\nC\\no\\nn\\nf\\ni\\nd\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\n(\\nF\\nR\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nA\\np\\nr\\ni\\nl\\n \\n2\\n8\\n,\\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\nl\\na\\ns\\ns\\n \\nI\\nI\\n \\nF\\nO\\nM\\nC\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nU\\nT\\nL\\nO\\nO\\nK\\n \\nF\\nO\\nR\\n \\nF\\nO\\nR\\nE\\nI\\nG\\nN\\n \\nR\\nE\\nA\\nL\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\nA\\nN\\nD\\n \\nC\\nO\\nN\\nS\\nU\\nM\\nE\\nR\\n \\nP\\nR\\nI\\nC\\nE\\nS\\n:\\n \\nS\\nE\\nL\\nE\\nC\\nT\\nE\\nD\\n \\nC\\nO\\nU\\nN\\nT\\nR\\nI\\nE\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n(\\nP\\ne\\nr\\nc\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n,\\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\nt\\no\\n \\nQ\\n4\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\nr\\no\\nj\\ne\\nc\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nM\\ne\\na\\ns\\nu\\nr\\ne\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\nc\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ny\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n9\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n9\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nR\\nE\\nA\\nL\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\n(\\n1\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nT\\no\\nt\\na\\nl\\n \\nf\\no\\nr\\ne\\ni\\ng\\nn\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nn\\nd\\nu\\ns\\nt\\nr\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\nC\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nw\\nh\\ni\\nc\\nh\\n:\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\na\\nn\\na\\nd\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nJ\\na\\np\\na\\nn\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nU\\nn\\ni\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\nK\\ni\\nn\\ng\\nd\\no\\nm\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nu\\nr\\no\\n \\nA\\nr\\ne\\na\\n \\n(\\n2\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nG\\ne\\nr\\nm\\na\\nn\\ny\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\ne\\nv\\ne\\nl\\no\\np\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\nC\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nA\\ns\\ni\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nK\\no\\nr\\ne\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\nh\\ni\\nn\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nL\\na\\nt\\ni\\nn\\n \\nA\\nm\\ne\\nr\\ni\\nc\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nM\\ne\\nx\\ni\\nc\\no\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\nr\\na\\nz\\ni\\nl\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\nO\\nN\\nS\\nU\\nM\\nE\\nR\\n \\nP\\nR\\nI\\nC\\nE\\nS\\n \\n(\\n3\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nn\\nd\\nu\\ns\\nt\\nr\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\nC\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nw\\nh\\ni\\nc\\nh\\n:\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\na\\nn\\na\\nd\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nJ\\na\\np\\na\\nn\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nU\\nn\\ni\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\nK\\ni\\nn\\ng\\nd\\no\\nm\\n \\n(\\n4\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nu\\nr\\no\\n \\nA\\nr\\ne\\na\\n \\n(\\n2\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nG\\ne\\nr\\nm\\na\\nn\\ny\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\ne\\nv\\ne\\nl\\no\\np\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\nC\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nA\\ns\\ni\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nK\\no\\nr\\ne\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\nh\\ni\\nn\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nL\\na\\nt\\ni\\nn\\n \\nA\\nm\\ne\\nr\\ni\\nc\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n5\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nM\\ne\\nx\\ni\\nc\\no\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\nr\\na\\nz\\ni\\nl\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n \\nF\\no\\nr\\ne\\ni\\ng\\nn\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\na\\ng\\ng\\nr\\ne\\ng\\na\\nt\\ne\\ns\\n \\nc\\na\\nl\\nc\\nu\\nl\\na\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\nu\\ns\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\ns\\nh\\na\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nU\\n.\\nS\\n.\\n \\ne\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n.\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n \\nH\\na\\nr\\nm\\no\\nn\\ni\\nz\\ne\\nd\\n \\nd\\na\\nt\\na\\n \\nf\\no\\nr\\n \\ne\\nu\\nr\\no\\n \\na\\nr\\ne\\na\\n \\nf\\nr\\no\\nm\\n \\nE\\nu\\nr\\no\\ns\\nt\\na\\nt\\n.\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n \\nF\\no\\nr\\ne\\ni\\ng\\nn\\n \\nC\\nP\\nI\\n \\na\\ng\\ng\\nr\\ne\\ng\\na\\nt\\ne\\ns\\n \\nc\\na\\nl\\nc\\nu\\nl\\na\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\nu\\ns\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\ns\\nh\\na\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nU\\n.\\nS\\n.\\n \\nn\\no\\nn\\n-\\no\\ni\\nl\\n \\ni\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n.\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n \\nC\\nP\\nI\\n \\ne\\nx\\nc\\nl\\nu\\nd\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\nm\\no\\nr\\nt\\ng\\na\\ng\\ne\\n \\ni\\nn\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ne\\ns\\nt\\n \\np\\na\\ny\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ns\\n,\\n \\nw\\nh\\ni\\nc\\nh\\n \\ni\\ns\\n \\nt\\nh\\ne\\n \\nt\\na\\nr\\ng\\ne\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\ni\\nn\\nf\\nl\\na\\nt\\ni\\no\\nn\\n \\nr\\na\\nt\\ne\\n.\\nI-38\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\nt\\nr\\ni\\nc\\nt\\nl\\ny\\n \\nC\\no\\nn\\nf\\ni\\nd\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\n(\\nF\\nR\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nA\\np\\nr\\ni\\nl\\n \\n2\\n8\\n,\\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\nl\\na\\ns\\ns\\n \\nI\\nI\\n \\nF\\nO\\nM\\nC\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nU\\nT\\nL\\nO\\nO\\nK\\n \\nF\\nO\\nR\\n \\nF\\nO\\nR\\nE\\nI\\nG\\nN\\n \\nR\\nE\\nA\\nL\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\nA\\nN\\nD\\n \\nC\\nO\\nN\\nS\\nU\\nM\\nE\\nR\\n \\nP\\nR\\nI\\nC\\nE\\nS\\n:\\n \\nS\\nE\\nL\\nE\\nC\\nT\\nE\\nD\\n \\nC\\nO\\nU\\nN\\nT\\nR\\nI\\nE\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n(\\nP\\ne\\nr\\nc\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\ng\\ne\\ns\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\nP\\nr\\no\\nj\\ne\\nc\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nM\\ne\\na\\ns\\nu\\nr\\ne\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\nc\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ny\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nR\\nE\\nA\\nL\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\n(\\n1\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\nQ\\nu\\na\\nr\\nt\\ne\\nr\\nl\\ny\\n \\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\ng\\ne\\ns\\n \\na\\nt\\n \\na\\nn\\n \\na\\nn\\nn\\nu\\na\\nl\\n \\nr\\na\\nt\\ne\\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nT\\no\\nt\\na\\nl\\n \\nf\\no\\nr\\ne\\ni\\ng\\nn\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nn\\nd\\nu\\ns\\nt\\nr\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\nC\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nw\\nh\\ni\\nc\\nh\\n:\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\na\\nn\\na\\nd\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nJ\\na\\np\\na\\nn\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nU\\nn\\ni\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\nK\\ni\\nn\\ng\\nd\\no\\nm\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nu\\nr\\no\\n \\nA\\nr\\ne\\na\\n \\n(\\n2\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nG\\ne\\nr\\nm\\na\\nn\\ny\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\ne\\nv\\ne\\nl\\no\\np\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\nC\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nA\\ns\\ni\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nK\\no\\nr\\ne\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\nh\\ni\\nn\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nL\\na\\nt\\ni\\nn\\n \\nA\\nm\\ne\\nr\\ni\\nc\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nM\\ne\\nx\\ni\\nc\\no\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\nr\\na\\nz\\ni\\nl\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\nO\\nN\\nS\\nU\\nM\\nE\\nR\\n \\nP\\nR\\nI\\nC\\nE\\nS\\n \\n(\\n3\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\nF\\no\\nu\\nr\\n-\\nq\\nu\\na\\nr\\nt\\ne\\nr\\n \\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\ng\\ne\\ns\\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nn\\nd\\nu\\ns\\nt\\nr\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\nC\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nw\\nh\\ni\\nc\\nh\\n:\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\na\\nn\\na\\nd\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nJ\\na\\np\\na\\nn\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nU\\nn\\ni\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\nK\\ni\\nn\\ng\\nd\\no\\nm\\n \\n(\\n4\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nu\\nr\\no\\n \\nA\\nr\\ne\\na\\n \\n(\\n2\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nG\\ne\\nr\\nm\\na\\nn\\ny\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\ne\\nv\\ne\\nl\\no\\np\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\nC\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nA\\ns\\ni\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nK\\no\\nr\\ne\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\nh\\ni\\nn\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nL\\na\\nt\\ni\\nn\\n \\nA\\nm\\ne\\nr\\ni\\nc\\na\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nM\\ne\\nx\\ni\\nc\\no\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\nr\\na\\nz\\ni\\nl\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n \\nF\\no\\nr\\ne\\ni\\ng\\nn\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\na\\ng\\ng\\nr\\ne\\ng\\na\\nt\\ne\\ns\\n \\nc\\na\\nl\\nc\\nu\\nl\\na\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\nu\\ns\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\ns\\nh\\na\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nU\\n.\\nS\\n.\\n \\ne\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n.\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n \\nH\\na\\nr\\nm\\no\\nn\\ni\\nz\\ne\\nd\\n \\nd\\na\\nt\\na\\n \\nf\\no\\nr\\n \\ne\\nu\\nr\\no\\n \\na\\nr\\ne\\na\\n \\nf\\nr\\no\\nm\\n \\nE\\nu\\nr\\no\\ns\\nt\\na\\nt\\n.\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n \\nF\\no\\nr\\ne\\ni\\ng\\nn\\n \\nC\\nP\\nI\\n \\na\\ng\\ng\\nr\\ne\\ng\\na\\nt\\ne\\ns\\n \\nc\\na\\nl\\nc\\nu\\nl\\na\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\nu\\ns\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\ns\\nh\\na\\nr\\ne\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nU\\n.\\nS\\n.\\n \\nn\\no\\nn\\n-\\no\\ni\\nl\\n \\ni\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n.\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n \\nC\\nP\\nI\\n \\ne\\nx\\nc\\nl\\nu\\nd\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\nm\\no\\nr\\nt\\ng\\na\\ng\\ne\\n \\ni\\nn\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ne\\ns\\nt\\n \\np\\na\\ny\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ns\\n,\\n \\nw\\nh\\ni\\nc\\nh\\n \\ni\\ns\\n \\nt\\nh\\ne\\n \\nt\\na\\nr\\ng\\ne\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\ni\\nn\\nf\\nl\\na\\nt\\ni\\no\\nn\\n \\nr\\na\\nt\\ne\\n.\\nI-39\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\nt\\nr\\ni\\nc\\nt\\nl\\ny\\n \\nC\\no\\nn\\nf\\ni\\nd\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\n(\\nF\\nR\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nA\\np\\nr\\ni\\nl\\n \\n2\\n8\\n,\\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\nl\\na\\ns\\ns\\n \\nI\\nI\\n \\nF\\nO\\nM\\nC\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nU\\nT\\nL\\nO\\nO\\nK\\n \\nF\\nO\\nR\\n \\nU\\n.\\nS\\n.\\n \\nI\\nN\\nT\\nE\\nR\\nN\\nA\\nT\\nI\\nO\\nN\\nA\\nL\\n \\nT\\nR\\nA\\nN\\nS\\nA\\nC\\nT\\nI\\nO\\nN\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\nr\\no\\nj\\ne\\nc\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n9\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n9\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\nI\\nP\\nA\\n \\nR\\nE\\nA\\nL\\n \\nE\\nX\\nP\\nO\\nR\\nT\\nS\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\nI\\nM\\nP\\nO\\nR\\nT\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\ne\\nr\\nc\\ne\\nn\\nt\\na\\ng\\ne\\n \\np\\no\\ni\\nn\\nt\\n \\nc\\no\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\nb\\nu\\nt\\ni\\no\\nn\\n \\nt\\no\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\ng\\nr\\no\\nw\\nt\\nh\\n,\\n \\nQ\\n4\\n\\/\\nQ\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\ne\\nr\\nc\\ne\\nn\\nt\\na\\ng\\ne\\n \\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\ng\\ne\\n,\\n \\nQ\\n4\\n\\/\\nQ\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n6\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n7\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n8\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nt\\nh\\ne\\nr\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n1\\n\\/\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\ni\\nl\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n6\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n6\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n6\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nt\\nh\\ne\\nr\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n2\\n\\/\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\ni\\nl\\nl\\ni\\no\\nn\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nC\\nh\\na\\ni\\nn\\ne\\nd\\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n0\\n \\nD\\no\\nl\\nl\\na\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n0\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n9\\n6\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n7\\n9\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n9\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n7\\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n1\\n8\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n8\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n4\\n7\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n7\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n6\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n0\\n8\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n9\\n6\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n3\\n6\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n1\\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n3\\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n9\\n7\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n8\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n0\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n7\\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n3\\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n5\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n0\\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n8\\n4\\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n5\\n5\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\ni\\nl\\nl\\ni\\no\\nn\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nd\\no\\nl\\nl\\na\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nU\\nS\\n \\nC\\nU\\nR\\nR\\nE\\nN\\nT\\n \\nA\\nC\\nC\\nO\\nU\\nN\\nT\\n \\nB\\nA\\nL\\nA\\nN\\nC\\nE\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n0\\n9\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n9\\n6\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n1\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n8\\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n7\\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n6\\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n1\\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n8\\n7\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\nu\\nr\\nr\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\nA\\nc\\nc\\nt\\n \\na\\ns\\n \\nP\\ne\\nr\\nc\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n(\\nB\\nO\\nP\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n6\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n7\\n8\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n6\\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n2\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n9\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n1\\n7\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n2\\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nn\\nv\\ne\\ns\\nt\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\nI\\nn\\nc\\no\\nm\\ne\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n8\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n8\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n8\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n6\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\ni\\nr\\ne\\nc\\nt\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n8\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n8\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n6\\n6\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n9\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\no\\nr\\nt\\nf\\no\\nl\\ni\\no\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n7\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n9\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n7\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n8\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n5\\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n0\\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nt\\nh\\ne\\nr\\n \\nI\\nn\\nc\\no\\nm\\ne\\n \\n&\\n \\nT\\nr\\na\\nn\\ns\\nf\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n,\\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n2\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n8\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n7\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n \\nM\\ne\\nr\\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\nd\\ni\\ns\\ne\\n \\ne\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\ne\\nx\\nc\\nl\\nu\\nd\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\nc\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\ns\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n.\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n \\nM\\ne\\nr\\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\nd\\ni\\ns\\ne\\n \\ni\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\ne\\nx\\nc\\nl\\nu\\nd\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\no\\ni\\nl\\n,\\n \\nc\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n,\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\ns\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n.\\nI-40\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nS\\nt\\nr\\ni\\nc\\nt\\nl\\ny\\n \\nC\\no\\nn\\nf\\ni\\nd\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\n(\\nF\\nR\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nA\\np\\nr\\ni\\nl\\n \\n2\\n8\\n,\\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\nC\\nl\\na\\ns\\ns\\n \\nI\\nI\\n \\nF\\nO\\nM\\nC\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nU\\nT\\nL\\nO\\nO\\nK\\n \\nF\\nO\\nR\\n \\nU\\n.\\nS\\n.\\n \\nI\\nN\\nT\\nE\\nR\\nN\\nA\\nT\\nI\\nO\\nN\\nA\\nL\\n \\nT\\nR\\nA\\nN\\nS\\nA\\nC\\nT\\nI\\nO\\nN\\nS\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\nN\\nI\\nP\\nA\\n \\nR\\nE\\nA\\nL\\n \\nE\\nX\\nP\\nO\\nR\\nT\\nS\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\nI\\nM\\nP\\nO\\nR\\nT\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\ne\\nr\\nc\\ne\\nn\\nt\\na\\ng\\ne\\n \\np\\no\\ni\\nn\\nt\\n \\nc\\no\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\nb\\nu\\nt\\ni\\no\\nn\\n \\nt\\no\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\ng\\nr\\no\\nw\\nt\\nh\\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\ne\\nr\\nc\\ne\\nn\\nt\\na\\ng\\ne\\n \\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\ng\\ne\\n \\nf\\nr\\no\\nm\\n \\np\\nr\\ne\\nv\\ni\\no\\nu\\ns\\n \\np\\ne\\nr\\ni\\no\\nd\\n,\\n \\ns\\n.\\na\\n.\\na\\n.\\nr\\n.\\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n8\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n8\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n8\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n8\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nt\\nh\\ne\\nr\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n1\\n\\/\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n7\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n8\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n6\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\ni\\nl\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n8\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n8\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n7\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n5\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n7\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nt\\nh\\ne\\nr\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n2\\n\\/\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\ni\\nl\\nl\\ni\\no\\nn\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nC\\nh\\na\\ni\\nn\\ne\\nd\\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n0\\n \\nD\\no\\nl\\nl\\na\\nr\\ns\\n,\\n \\ns\\n.\\na\\n.\\na\\n.\\nr\\n.\\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n9\\n8\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n8\\n5\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n9\\n8\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n1\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n4\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n5\\n8\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n6\\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n1\\n5\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n2\\n5\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n0\\n8\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n2\\n8\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n9\\n7\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n0\\n8\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n9\\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n1\\n7\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n2\\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n1\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n0\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n3\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n7\\n6\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n9\\n5\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n4\\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n0\\n7\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n9\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n3\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n7\\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n9\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n1\\n5\\n2\\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n1\\n5\\n2\\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n1\\n5\\n3\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n1\\n5\\n4\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n1\\n6\\n0\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\ni\\nl\\nl\\ni\\no\\nn\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nd\\no\\nl\\nl\\na\\nr\\ns\\n,\\n \\ns\\n.\\na\\n.\\na\\n.\\nr\\n.\\nU\\nS\\n \\nC\\nU\\nR\\nR\\nE\\nN\\nT\\n \\nA\\nC\\nC\\nO\\nU\\nN\\nT\\n \\nB\\nA\\nL\\nA\\nN\\nC\\nE\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n2\\n6\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n6\\n7\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n5\\n8\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n7\\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n7\\n6\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n0\\n7\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n5\\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n3\\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n2\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n0\\n7\\n.\\n8\\nC\\nu\\nr\\nr\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\nA\\nc\\nc\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\n \\na\\ns\\n \\n%\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n(\\nB\\nO\\nP\\n)\\n \\n-\\n3\\n8\\n9\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n5\\n6\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n5\\n7\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n4\\n8\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n7\\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n1\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n2\\n7\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n9\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n8\\n9\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n0\\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\nI\\nn\\nv\\ne\\ns\\nt\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\nI\\nn\\nc\\no\\nm\\ne\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n9\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n8\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\ni\\nr\\ne\\nc\\nt\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n6\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n6\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n6\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n5\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n5\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\no\\nr\\nt\\nf\\no\\nl\\ni\\no\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n2\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n6\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n6\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n9\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n6\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\nO\\nt\\nh\\ne\\nr\\n \\nI\\nn\\nc\\n.\\n \\n&\\n \\nT\\nr\\na\\nn\\ns\\nf\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n-\\n6\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n9\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n9\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n9\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n5\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n6\\n.\\n0\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n \\nM\\ne\\nr\\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\nd\\ni\\ns\\ne\\n \\ne\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\ne\\nx\\nc\\nl\\nu\\nd\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\nc\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\ns\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n.\\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n \\nM\\ne\\nr\\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\nd\\ni\\ns\\ne\\n \\ni\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\ne\\nx\\nc\\nl\\nu\\nd\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\no\\ni\\nl\\n,\\n \\nc\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n,\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\ns\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n.\\nI-41\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n--------------------------------Page Start--------------------------------\\nS\\nt\\nr\\ni\\nc\\nt\\nl\\ny\\n \\nC\\no\\nn\\nf\\ni\\nd\\ne\\nn\\nt\\ni\\na\\nl\\n \\n(\\nF\\nR\\n)\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nA\\np\\nr\\ni\\nl\\n \\n2\\n8\\n,\\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\nC\\nl\\na\\ns\\ns\\n \\nI\\nI\\n \\nF\\nO\\nM\\nC\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nU\\nT\\nL\\nO\\nO\\nK\\n \\nF\\nO\\nR\\n \\nU\\n.\\nS\\n.\\n \\nI\\nN\\nT\\nE\\nR\\nN\\nA\\nT\\nI\\nO\\nN\\nA\\nL\\n \\nT\\nR\\nA\\nN\\nS\\nA\\nC\\nT\\nI\\nO\\nN\\nS\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\nP\\nr\\no\\nj\\ne\\nc\\nt\\ne\\nd\\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n-\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nQ\\n4\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\nN\\nI\\nP\\nA\\n \\nR\\nE\\nA\\nL\\n \\nE\\nX\\nP\\nO\\nR\\nT\\nS\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\nI\\nM\\nP\\nO\\nR\\nT\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\ne\\nr\\nc\\ne\\nn\\nt\\na\\ng\\ne\\n \\np\\no\\ni\\nn\\nt\\n \\nc\\no\\nn\\nt\\nr\\ni\\nb\\nu\\nt\\ni\\no\\nn\\n \\nt\\no\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\ng\\nr\\no\\nw\\nt\\nh\\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\ne\\nr\\nc\\ne\\nn\\nt\\na\\ng\\ne\\n \\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\ng\\ne\\n \\nf\\nr\\no\\nm\\n \\np\\nr\\ne\\nv\\ni\\no\\nu\\ns\\n \\np\\ne\\nr\\ni\\no\\nd\\n,\\n \\ns\\n.\\na\\n.\\na\\n.\\nr\\n.\\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n6\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nt\\nh\\ne\\nr\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n1\\n\\/\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n9\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\ni\\nl\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n3\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n6\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n2\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n8\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nC\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n8\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nS\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n4\\n2\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n3\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n6\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n8\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nO\\nt\\nh\\ne\\nr\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n2\\n\\/\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n8\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n3\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n8\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n6\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n7\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\ni\\nl\\nl\\ni\\no\\nn\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nC\\nh\\na\\ni\\nn\\ne\\nd\\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n0\\n \\nD\\no\\nl\\nl\\na\\nr\\ns\\n,\\n \\ns\\n.\\na\\n.\\na\\n.\\nr\\n.\\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n5\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n8\\n0\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n8\\n3\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n2\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n5\\n6\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n3\\n9\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n4\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n5\\n1\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n6\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n6\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n8\\n8\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nE\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n9\\n5\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n1\\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n3\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n6\\n2\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n1\\n1\\n8\\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n0\\n8\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n3\\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n5\\n1\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n7\\n2\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n9\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n1\\n7\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nI\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\n&\\nS\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n6\\n4\\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n1\\n6\\n9\\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n1\\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n6\\n1\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n1\\n8\\n1\\n8\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n1\\n8\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n1\\n8\\n4\\n9\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n1\\n8\\n8\\n6\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n1\\n8\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n3\\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n1\\n9\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n0\\n6\\n.\\n1\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nB\\ni\\nl\\nl\\ni\\no\\nn\\ns\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nd\\no\\nl\\nl\\na\\nr\\ns\\n,\\n \\ns\\n.\\na\\n.\\na\\n.\\nr\\n.\\nU\\nS\\n \\nC\\nU\\nR\\nR\\nE\\nN\\nT\\n \\nA\\nC\\nC\\nO\\nU\\nN\\nT\\n \\nB\\nA\\nL\\nA\\nN\\nC\\nE\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n8\\n9\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n5\\n8\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n6\\n3\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n5\\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n9\\n7\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n9\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n1\\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n4\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n8\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n6\\n9\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n8\\n6\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n1\\n0\\n.\\n9\\nC\\nu\\nr\\nr\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\nA\\nc\\nc\\no\\nu\\nn\\nt\\n \\na\\ns\\n \\n%\\n \\no\\nf\\n \\nG\\nD\\nP\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\nG\\no\\no\\nd\\ns\\n \\n&\\n \\nS\\ne\\nr\\nv\\ni\\nc\\ne\\ns\\n \\n(\\nB\\nO\\nP\\n)\\n \\n-\\n5\\n5\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n0\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n2\\n3\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n1\\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n1\\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n2\\n8\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n4\\n7\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n6\\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n5\\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n5\\n9\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n7\\n7\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\nI\\nn\\nv\\ne\\ns\\nt\\nm\\ne\\nn\\nt\\n \\nI\\nn\\nc\\no\\nm\\ne\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n3\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n5\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n2\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n0\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n0\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n1\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n9\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n4\\n2\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nD\\ni\\nr\\ne\\nc\\nt\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n3\\n8\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n2\\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n4\\n0\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n5\\n4\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n6\\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n0\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n4\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n7\\n6\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n8\\n3\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n \\n1\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\nP\\no\\nr\\nt\\nf\\no\\nl\\ni\\no\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n4\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n8\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n0\\n.\\n2\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n2\\n6\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n3\\n4\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n5\\n4\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n6\\n5\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n7\\n5\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n8\\n6\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n9\\n8\\n.\\n0\\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n1\\n2\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n-\\n2\\n2\\n7\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\nO\\nt\\nh\\ne\\nr\\n \\nI\\nn\\nc\\n.\\n \\n&\\n \\nT\\nr\\na\\nn\\ns\\nf\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n,\\n \\nN\\ne\\nt\\n \\n-\\n8\\n8\\n.\\n4\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n7\\n9\\n.\\n5\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n6\\n5\\n.\\n3\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n8\\n1\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n2\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n0\\n.\\n1\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n1\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n5\\n.\\n6\\n \\n \\n-\\n1\\n0\\n5\\n.\\n7\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n5\\n.\\n8\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n7\\n.\\n9\\n \\n \\n \\n-\\n9\\n1\\n.\\n1\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n_\\n \\n \\n1\\n.\\n \\nM\\ne\\nr\\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\nd\\ni\\ns\\ne\\n \\ne\\nx\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\ne\\nx\\nc\\nl\\nu\\nd\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\nc\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\ns\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n.\\n \\n \\n2\\n.\\n \\nM\\ne\\nr\\nc\\nh\\na\\nn\\nd\\ni\\ns\\ne\\n \\ni\\nm\\np\\no\\nr\\nt\\ns\\n \\ne\\nx\\nc\\nl\\nu\\nd\\ni\\nn\\ng\\n \\no\\ni\\nl\\n,\\n \\nc\\no\\nm\\np\\nu\\nt\\ne\\nr\\ns\\n,\\n \\na\\nn\\nd\\n \\ns\\ne\\nm\\ni\\nc\\no\\nn\\nd\\nu\\nc\\nt\\no\\nr\\ns\\n.\\nI-42\\n          [Last Page]\\n--------------------------------Page End----------------------------------\\n"\
}